and that is where we changed from being social beings amongst each other to digital social addicts.
% crystal 
our bus when it came carried us across our blue and orange bridge with a neon rapunzel residing in one of the towers. i was sitting with gray who informed me as we bounced across its grated surface "this is a opening up bridge."
the cellphone number was not answered on sunday however.
n—never give up. keep writing from the father’s heart. when you do people will stop and take notice. of course you must sit often on the father’s lap to write from his heart. don’t neglect time with him.
behind these various deployments of the ideal of universal reason lies a conviction that to bring about the good society we can and must use reason innate to human nature to produce a unified consciousness which can serve as the foundation for that good society.
by he began to make collages which soon became the precursors of pop art incorporating cigarette logos images from fan magazines. he coined a phrase for them "moticos" and carried them around new york showing them to strangers in public places and asking for their reactions and recording them (most of this work has been destroyed or recycled).
being a quilter i cant resist the allure of vintage wooden bobbins and spools and one dealer had a terrific assortment of vintage beehive bobbins—just cents a piece the larger bobbin pictured was only a $. i have seen these go for as much as $ a piece but i suspect their actual value is somewhere in between.
at the guide’s feet was a thin white line perhaps two inches wide that was comprised of some kind of granular powder. it stretched off in either direction curving away into the fiery haze of the silent dead wood. “is that salt?” stolik asked nudging it with his toe.
soaring spirit
i really cant buy this anymore because i have the tendency to polish off a pint within hours (which is not a good thing...for my ass). but damn i love it.
i take it all back
look 
* bryn "forgetting" to give me her report card for three days and then opening it and finding out that she truly did forget her grades were great.
tickets to the luncheon are $ per person and available at the cvb office at second street. the cvb is taking r.s.v.p.s by phone at () . seating is limited.
heres the trailer
camaal i needing little yems.
i am way more passionate about football this year than in the past like feeling depressed the next day after the game when we dont win.
in the few years i have lived on this planet; in what the pious claim my physical form for the greater part of my being is of a metaphysical nature i have come to question this idea of culture we have grown within our midst. maybe i don’t speak for all of the islands of the philippines for within the various niches individual identities differing from the monotony may exist however as i continue to reside in my own area i take it as it comes.
this kept me off the mat for a class or two. my doctor didn’t find anything on the xrays and put me on crutches. meanwhile i sat on the sidelines during class itching to be back on the mat. i couldn’t take it and started thinking of ways to practice. there are techniques in seated positions that we learned. if we could do some why couldn’t i do all of the techniques we learned in seated positions? i had to adapt to a physical limitation. i got back on the mat and fellow aikidoka willing to work with my own limitations happily partnered with me and our sensei helped me make adjustments as needed.
well honey im getting hungry so will close this and dig something up to eat before hitting the hay. i can hear ed out in the kitchen munching away so i will start an investigation. so long.
nicole farhi charlotte brogues brown thomas €
this is what i had to start with see below( o yes i did have a cup of tea as well )..
this morning i slept in and was casually wandering around the unit getting brekky listening to the radio generally (and slowly) waking up when i happened to glance at the clock and notice it was .… now i am actually supposed to be at work then and being a manager i thought i better get my butt into gear and get to work. but then i thought better of that idea and decided what the heck i made myself a cappuccino in my travel coffee cup the beauty of having my own coffee machine. then i casually wandered down to my car.
it’s great that you’re on those channels to begin with just remember to play by the rules like everyone else. or do what you want and enjoy the backlash.
i was going to name this post "lets do it again" but on second thought....i would rather not. i had a shitty night and day and it starts while i was making this card. who knew that while i was happily creating a card similar to my purple valentine that something sinister was happening behind my building. a dirty criminal smashed the window out of my car stealing my beloved ereader. i dont want sympathy but i do want my loss to serve as a reminder. i normally dont leave my reader in my car but i left it yesterday knowing i was going out later and would need it. my parking spot is pretty secluded and i never though i would be a target of something like this. i have replaced my window but i guess i will wait to replace my reader. please let my misfortune serve as a lesson dirty rotten soulless swine are everywhere and dont care how good or nice of a person you are.
yes in the girls all wore sundresses and hats and the boys wore thrift store suits. good times. i want to go back to the kentucky derby next year it is amazingly fun. in fact everyone should go to the derby at least once in their lifetime.
thats what he said. i was disappointed because i knew the power of this observation in the hands of countless blinkered theologians; its power to back up fundamentally stupid dogma of all sorts when they didnt have a clue what he was on about – rather like me at that time anyway. not a blind clue that einsteins vision of god wasnt that of a puppetmaster but something vaster than the universe itself which at least we now know isnt anything like what we can imagine. much larger even than space time nothingness and any
parents fight many personal and emotional demons when raising a child on the spectrum. simply saying “well just do this and just do that” is easier said than done. it’s good to understand that each person always does their very best with what they know and what resources are available to them. offer help before you offer judgement.
watching them grab onto to life as teens
so what led to the fracas at around .pm?
reason for choosing my english teacher had a baby boy on saturday and named him weston which is also her father’s middle name.
again the emphasis here is on grosvenor being at least upfront and open about these charges and not delivering a whammy after the author submits a manuscript and signs the contract. the package also includes the usual pdf proof isbn number (registered to grosvenor) internet distribution for one year and also wholesale distribution listing with bertrams and gardners. in addition the author gets five free copies and legal registration.
the ward is all but empty a single human at the desk. an orderly patrols the corridors with the disinterest of archorid in daylight. aware that no alarm will sound just a console light ignored by the distracted nurse she knows what must be done.
overall if you dont know anything about being a bike messenger i imagine this book would be illuminating. even considering all the boring parts and the authors blatant selfabsorption im glad to have read it. but as a rabid biker and exmessenger myself i expected a broader scope and a much more detailed look at the issues of biking in todays american cities.
proverbs 
the second subject was the bande à bonnot a belle epoque anarchist group who were the first ever to use an automobile to escape from the scene of a crime. with the help of mug shots of the gang members and short film sequences on her laptop sylvanie de lutèce rattled off the tale until the final inevitable sticky end of the gang.
the information was corroborated by two independent sources with direct knowledge of malema’s affairs.
hp) having to think about money.
since we had so much rain this month i only got cole across the river or times. that meant that i had plenty of time to work him on the hill. to start with i continued to work with him in the arena or walk him up and down the driveway for a few minutes before putting him in his stall after coming up the hill.
“oh my dear fellow if you want to be a gentleman you must give up being an artist. they’ve got nothing to do with one another. you hear of men painting potboilers to keep an aged mother – well it shows they’re excellent sons but it’s no excuse for bad work. they’re only tradesmen. an artist would let his mother go to the workhouse.”
i knew that i wanted to paint the cabinets white. as much as i enjoy look of wood the cabinets and floors combined were a little too much.
. my car is broken ok really just my sunglass holder in my car is broken but still i loved that sunglass holder
 oh boy
i know that as an unpublished writer i won’t have anything to show or assure you that my work is suitable. but that does not mean it is not good; it just means i may have fresh or new ideas.
me awesome how far from home are you?
cream colored ponies and crisp apple strudels
now apply a little bit of glue at the ends that are sticking out and just glue them down to the cone.
lets get personal.
council local government. also about to be abolished by current british government as far as i can see.
a few weeks ago i wrote about the specialty bottlings from the party source liquor store in kentucky which are now available through online shipping (to certain states). ill be sampling a variety of these over the coming weeks and the first to go is the buffalo trace experimental collection rye n barrel.
we came for a visit here in june right after year old karman willis was killed on his property. everyone thought that mr. ludwig was a nutcase at that time. they blamed him for her death. as people who were visiting from somewhere else we didn’t fully understand all the dynamics of this situation. i wondered why young teens would be driving around his property in the middle of the night? why would they be there when things were so tense between the ludwigs and the rest of the community? why would they be driving on anyone’s property at that hour?? i’ve since come to learn that it is broad daylight at in the morning at that time of year in this part of the country. so it wasn’t dark. nevertheless it is still not a time when people visit each other. i am not blaming karman for her death though. the situation was complicated.
about your childhood how you would dance unselfconsciously to pop
extra verses
as anthony watts a meteorologist and editor of watts up with that noted on april th “the center for american progress aka think progress a front organization for all things left and ‘progressive’…let it slip (whether by design or accident we don’t know) that they are behind this ‘forecast the facts’ outfit.” the center has a $ million+ annual budget.
and recycled and reintroduced the reformers legislation to improve ethics laws in nyc that they issued in past press conferences begging for reform. in the spirit of going around in circles and accomplishing nothing true news has decided to reissue its report card on the reform
but once up on that soap box he let us have his usual incendiary rhetoric.
i was determined not to top up the charcoal but retrospectively i think another kilo after the first hour would have sped things up a bit.
a vision revealed nearly years ago. a hope kindled. a promise sealed by his very presence in my life. the thread woven through the searching through heartache through the births of six children and the loss of three more through hard lessons revealing who i am and whose i am in ways that i could never have imagined.
lets begin.
words are the only tool i have
i recently went back to nola for a quick business trip. i managed to squeeze in a visit to a fabulous southernajun restaurant luke. theres one in the city my bf lives in so hopefully we can try it out soon
a pada is usually quarter of mantra except in dvipadaa mantraas where it is half a mantra. (reference h.p. venkata rao).
sleep proved to be illusive. he drifted in and out sleep as shadowy images of that night resurrected the pangs of guilt that lie buried within his subconscious mind. random snapshots coursed through his head in a slide show of unwanted memories.
ive danced with people that have interviewing skills that would make barbara walters look like a rookie.
speaking of baller i finally got my christmas tree put up. and it wasnt anywhere near as tragic as last years christmas tree dramz.
cameron’s “common values” that he would like immigrant communities to commit to echoes laura bush at the time of the usa’s reentry to unesco after years of absence when she said that unesco “can now help to achieve peace by spreading the values that will defeat terror and lead to a better and safer world”. she of course was referring to the values and worldviews of “the other” who in her view sowed terror whereas for many in the global south it is the values worldviews and ideology of wealthy countries in the north and the manner in which these are expressed economically politically and militarily that are the chief source of terror in the world.
out here on the west coast lumber practically grows on trees theres so much of it. yet for some reason the lumber yard still charges ungodly sums for it. so whenever something needs to be built my instinct is to scrounge around to see what is already on the farm property at our home in vesuvius or is otherwise free somewhere near.
i am going through some stuff right now.
these two changes are not big and they add a slightly nutty flavor to the muffin making it resemble the light taste of the banana muffin. you can even add walnuts to play up the nutty character.
i can’t seem to move.
show details 
“i actually left that in the snow to disintegrate and dissolve” she said.
so today i decided to join weight watchers online. i have never done it online but i think that this will be good for my schedule. my sister is doing it as well so i am looking forward to the support and accountability. this weekend has been pretty quiet. very restful and somewhat productive. my mil is coming on thursday so i have been cleaning and getting ready for company ;) i am looking forward to her visit. i love my mil. she is such a good friend. i really lucked out with her. i am looking forward to a good week
i have been a fan of isabel allende’s haunting adventure stories since her first book house of the spirits. so the muse was squealing in delight to discover she’d written this series for younger readers.
 cup organic vanilla pudding
which never needed put on in the first place.
we all have our foibles and we are all part of a creative industry which of course means youre going to get rather a lot of personality from anyone you work with (authors editors agents jacket designers copy editors publicists you name it). but there are things you should be able to expect of your editor.
i don’t usually get into all the voting etc. but think this is an awesome opportunity…….if you get a chance (or have a free seconds) click on the link above and vote for my blog…..if you like the things i create and find them helpful i’d love for you to consider voting you can vote each day until november th. i won’t pester you any more about it after today (as i’m also not into begging) ……..it’s all a bit of fun )
saturday was just as awesome. we ate breakfast shopped stood in line in times square waiting for matinee broadway tickets. it was totally worth the wait we saw the tony award winner for best show in "memphis." so awesome wow. id never been brought to tears before at a show but "memphis" had me bawling kelly too. it was powerful and i highly recommend it should you find yourself in nyc anytime soon.
backward roll to crab crawl
john miles music uk
having considered the above request i am unable to provide much of the information that you require as it is not physically recorded and therefore does not fall under the scope of the act. however in order to provide some explanation you may find the information below to be of interest.
his response
 san bernardino ca san manuel amphitheater
i am hoping like i said last night at city hall that the city not only focus on water but takes a hard look on what local government can do to help promote small scale agcurculter with in or near by the city of racine.
i also can’t control how loudly god speaks to me and what kind of blessings i have. i can’t control how or when he talks to me and i can’t control what he will do in relationship with me. i don’t have a predictable “if…then” relationship with him. in fact i’m learning a whole lot about just how much i am not like him and how very much he is not operating inside any kind of predictable formula.
now im not saying the french dont have a sense of humor; au contraire there are several frenchies whose presence causes me severe incontinence and they dont even need to use their ass cheeks. (quite a feat)
in addition to the the installation of a new soundcraft modular broadcast mixing console and two tascam cd players all existing studio equipment was removed cleaned serviced and reinstalled within a fourday period. furthermore customized wiring looms and system interconnects were fabricated and installed. after a smooth switchover from their back up studio the new system has been met with enthusiasm from the many presenters who have struggled along with the old equipment for so long.
ive got back into knitting but i havent actually made anything yet just practicing stitches.
naturally youll do your share of timetraveling throughout the course of the bmovie story and there are a few neat little setpieces along the way. nothing thatll make your brain hurt but some cool if way too familiar scifi flourishes.
lucys smile vanishes. she tells sir james she doesnt like him when he talks like that. then she is gone; sir james and roger balfour are alone.
ok a while back we posted a blog telling you about our new sex toy. for £ we were expecting mind blowing orgasmic sex….. how wrong we were….
observation i don’t know how many times i have read this part of the gospel and just glossed over the fact that jesus is modeling for us how to act in the will of the father. we know that jesus is god so the fact that he could or couldn’t do anything on his own is debatable. however if we are truly trying to do the will of the father because he is the one who sent us why do we always try to do things on our own? i guess i should just be speaking for myself but phrases like “god helps those who help themselves” and other such rubbish come to mind. the truth is god will only be able to help me grow spiritually closer to him if i stop helping myself to whatever pleasure or fleshly desire i want.
when you rotate the focusing ring (even when you use the auto focus) you are just regulating the distance between the lens elements and the sensor a subject appear sharp only when this distance is correct... read more
but at the same time you have to wonder does it hurt when the dragonfly is shedding its skin? how hard must it be to crack your shell open wide and pull yourself out of it? just think about how hard it is to get out of a wetsuit and then multiply that by a thousand.
but you know as far as the cities go – in a lot of ways i’ll always be more connected to nashville and murfreesboro and middle tennessee than i ever have been to memphis even though i was born here and have a long history here and strong connections here including having had strong family connections here. and probably more than i ever will be to knoxville. don’t really have any to chattanooga other than a family member living there for a while who no longer does.
at clock i awake from from a half sleep with a start. something prompts me to look at phone which had put on silence. missed call. was forest of dean radio. had arranged for one of my regualar guests on show who does a travel feature to fill in for me with me do the travel feature from spain. look at time on phone. see that it is clock and think that fod radio were calling early as know that they are not going to call me until which is p.m. spanish time. just about to try to have another doze but something prompts me to decide to call them back. look down at my phone again. its forest of dean radio again. answer. hi sally well just put you on hold and then well bring you in. oh why is it so early i think. suddenly realise that my clock in british time and they are calling me at .. do feature in bathroom in nightie so as not to wake ed who is still sleeping like a baby.
. living in america james brown 
someday ill be as bored with my problems as my potential
h do you realise that youre inferring that rioting is less offensive in the eyes of the justice system than your artwork is...? anyway rioting is so last year rex. get with the times
“immigration benefit fraud schemes undermine the integrity of our nation’s legal immigration system pose a security vulnerability and potentially rob deserving immigrants of benefits they rightfully deserve” said brock d. nicholson special agent in charge of hsi atlanta. “the exploitation of our proud legal immigration tradition for profit is morally repugnant and hsi will move aggressively against those who engage in such criminal conduct.” nicholson oversees hsi activities in georgia and the carolinas.
darrell l. bock
contestant my nan’s cardigan
. is this your first readathon?
i imagine that elizabeth had the same reaction as i did what sickandtwisted master of the universe decided to put this goofball mooning over me all day in each of my classes? id file a restraining order if i could.
from webster online a high or special regard
all is not doom and gloom however. nature with its wonderful tendency to restore equilibrium provides us humans the cure to almost any affliction we might develop. ancient healers even believed that nature helped humans discover the cure to their illnesses in subtle and mysterious ways
that was so long time for just the two of us
let this spell last forever
i have to admit i have been a bad blogger i just got tagged for the third time in this questionnaire that i neglected to answer until now...so i combined the questionsnswers from the three lovely ladies who tagged me. i would have answered all but i was scared you would never read my blog again from boredom please understand here it goes
diva doesnt get whats so funny when sons start saying "hey look dicks. heh heh. tukey i see a dicks."
one of the things im trying to do in cbt is stop worrying and stop expecting disaster at every turn. from that point of view when you look at my options
february by dkjungle
i saw this cards on pinterest and decided to case them. at the moment i cant remember who was the original creator but will post it as soon as i find it.
anyway the film convinced me that women were fully capable of serving bravely on the battlefield. if a jewish american princess can do it so can betty boop. witches have the added advantage of being able to hex the enemy before getting into close combat.
“no one sir” she said.
they have two locations. the first is in lagrange il. that location is the only one ive been to so far as i have not had enough time to visit their newest second location in st.charles il.
highway from murfreesboro to dickson was my usual route back and forth between college and home for me. naturally if i had five bucks for every time i was back and forth on i between murfreesboro and nashville whether going out downtown or going to work i could have probably retired on that. i worked at southern hills so you middle tennesseans know what my usual route to work was. to see that intersection in franklin on and those stretches of i with cars and trucks nearly completely submerged – just surreal.
calder contested
“by we will see the end of genital cutting in senegal” he predicted.
again i see the same jesus calling those that labor and are heavy ladenned to come to him that they may have rest in mathew.
tiny frail objects traveling slowly get turned into nasty bloody confetti when their paths cross those of large heavy objects traveling rapidly.
alesmith brewing company wee heavy
any economist worth their salt will tell you that in order for a market system to function properly all externalities must be properly accounted for. externalities like the social costs of child labor or the environmental costs of pollution. much of the sickness of our current markets is the routine avoidance of incorporating externalities into the market’s cost structures. ensuring that these externalities are accounted for is a necessary role of government one which few governments in the world are even attempting and even fewer are doing reasonably well.
by louise penny
♥ i dont speak english very well so forgive me if i have any mistakes
with this premise the film pours forth mysterious yet majestic visual sequences depicting the cosmos our molten earth prehistoric era where dinosaurs roam early life forms the roaring ocean blood streams fetal heartbeats. the first part.
propertyguruis holding a number of overseas property exhibitions in singapore in the coming months including the international property showcase which takes place on june in singapore. on the same weekend it’s hosting a malaysia property showcase in hong kong building on the success of its recent malaysiafocused property events in singapore. property exhibitions featuring thailand and philippines properties are also planned for singapore in the coming months.
. if you could be anyone from who would you be?
would a yard of heather bailey rose bouquet in emerald help you decide?
big brother up in wisconsin gave me an electronic kick in the pants today that lms has been dormant for far too long. in my defense ive been terribly busy and relatively disinterested in the bloggityblog goodness of the innertubes of late but to placate both of my readers heres a post.
poppo yeah he’s great a hero of us
“floodwaters are already surrounding the fort calhoun plant. the river has risen . feet higher than fort calhoun’s foot elevation above sea level but the water is being held back by an foottall flood barrier” a report said on friday.
this how to get happy project seems to be working so far. im finding the stresses of work easier to handle and im a much nicer person at home. and its got my creative juices going regarding projects as well. mission well underway
why i dont make a good mormon despite my strong convictions in my
faith petric and mark ross. from rebel voices songs of the industrial workers of the world.
conditions can make you sigh
chard by the yard so poetic… wtf is chard? i have often heard reference to this apparent vegetable but despite being a chef i have never known what chard is. my interest piqued i donned my thinking cap and off i went on my tangent once again. tangents are so much more fun than bicycles much more adventurous. you have to keep on your toes when going off on a tangent because they don’t have a seat like a bicycle.
the liebster award (german for favorite) is for bloggers with followers or less. as a recipient of the award you have the chance to thank and link back to the blogger who gave it to you as well as pass it along to five other deserving blogs.
a delightful painting of an english garden tucked behind glass in a victorian frame....
language is the most successful
jump jive and harmonize by the plimsouls
quantum nv handles $ billion in assets and operates from the dutch island of curacao in the shadow of massive royal dutchhell and exxon mobil refineries. curacao was recently cited by an oecd task force on money laundering as a major drug money laundering nation. the club of isles group which funds quantum is led by the rothschilds and includes queen elizabeth ii and other wealthy european aristocrats and black nobility. fugitive swiss financier and mossad cutout marc rich whose business interests were recently taken over by the russian mafia alfa group is also part of the soros network. rich was pardoned by president clinton as he exited the white house.
as the twentieth century progressed our industry (along with many others) began to consolidate. smaller presses were bought by larger presses – grandparents of the major international conglomerates we are now familiar with and instead of multiple offices over shops we began to see the establishment of warehouses – and the beginning of a distancing between customer and publisher – as independent bookselling took off. (bookshops had previously existed in the university cities – but gradually they were established in most sizeable market towns). these bookshops were supplied by the publishers’ central warehouse while smaller publishers continued to supply direct.
it didnt even seem like christmas this year except of course for the beautiful blanket of snow outside and the silver icicles that hung outside the windows glittering in the sunlight.
another hat a different mood. two things i love here. the black veiled mini top hat by topperhats looks beautifully made and is terribly seductive while the photograph totally sells it; fabulous photography and a stunning model. sublimely done. i want one.
now assemble the hot brown. on a well buttered baking sheet lay out your prepared toast. dabble a small amount of the cheese sauce onto the toast. layer some of the sliced roast turkey on top of the toast folding the turkey to give it a little more volume. arrange a layer of your poached shrimp on top of the turkey. then top with a generous amount of the cheese sauce. finally top the sandwich with the sliced bacon and finish with more of the cheese sauce. place the baking sheet in a degree oven and bake it until the sauce begins to bubble and brown. remove from the oven and using a large spatula transfer the sandwich to a warm plate for serving. garnish with a little chopped parsley and serve piping hot as these are after all hot browns 
jesus calms the storm
the lafayette cemetery got its name from the town of lafayette – not to be confused with the city of lafayette roughly miles west of new orleans that later adopted the name. the cemetery was founded by the spanish during their shortlived rule of the colony. today the aboveground cemetery style can be seen all over the former spanish empire from argentina to california.
whence true authority in men; though both
yesterday the bank said it “rejects any suggestion that it was unduly exposed at the time the loan was granted or that there was undue risk involved”.
yawwwwwwning and yawwwwwing some more lol – welp folks sorry – i am so not excited to watch him on television. my muslim christian president is a very interesting man. consistency and transparency would be wonderful things for him to display…… i understand that the years before he was elected into the white house was very hard to deal with. however in years – and another election coming up – i do not have any reason to pull the lever by his name for 
saldaña when i started the story it was from roelito’s point of view but then i got to a place where he would have to tell stuff about his older brother beto that he had no real way of telling true. it was never a question in my mind.
i was very impressed. with this being the third different merlot i have tried to date and with it being the first washington state merlot i can easily say that this bottle has been the best merlot thus far.
when krsna left the palace a wonderful concert resounded. the ladies on the rooftops and terraces held back their tears for his sake and instead sent him delightfully flirtatious glances and showers of flowers. arjuna took the kingdoms finest umbrella and held it above his dearmost friend as they walked from the gate to the chariot while the driver satyaki and his constant attendant uddhava fanned him with wondrously opulent fans. when he arrived at his chariot it was covered in flowers so he took his seat amongst the glorious spontaneous decorations and gave the order for satyaki to drive the chariot onto the road.
you have no idea how happy wonderful excited relived amazed rejuvenated lighter i truly feel. i am the epitome of a loser and im happy with that.
within the past month my husband and i have been the recipients of so much grace godly direction smooth roads blessings open doors and obvious green lights from the lord we can scarcely believe it. a girl could get used to this we sit and discuss it with delight marvel over it share it with others and thank and praise god for his provision we are seeing god giving us things we have asked for in the past not really knowing if we would ever receive–little things big things fun things “for i know the plans that i have for you declares the lord plans for welfare and not for calamity to give you a future and a hope.” jeremiah 
i let the cookies sit overnight and frosted them the next day as suggested in the tutorial. i’ve never made royal icing before so this was another challenge. i used sweetsugarbelle’s royal icing recipe. i watched tutorials on royal icing so i knew what i was working with. i have to admit that i was a bit nervous to try something new.
and has never been a "cuddle baby" as her grammie tends to say and its true.
standing in the back garden of my home remembering our holidays i heard a wood pigeon cooing in the trees behind our neighbours’ houses. and once again i was hit with another memory. this time it was my dad on holiday in meledon complaining about the noisy pigeons. he used to grumble that they woke him up early and he wanted a liein while he was on holiday. he would joke about getting a shotgun to which i would react in horror and tell him he couldn’t possibly shoot the poor pigeons i knew he never would but i did not like the threat.
i’ve just had my first may and december romance published—or should i call it a may and september romance? you see the age gap between ben and ollie is only thirteen years which i don’t see as all that big. twenty year old ollie isn’t bothered at having a thirtythree year old boyfriend either. no the only one who seems to have a problem with it is ben.
until the outcome is decided
let me put down here clear symptoms that our education system is sick and needs a major overhaul to move forward.
skin deep by laura jarratt
this is not my story. but it could have been.
i said "lets go."
– no i think icelanders have a strong tendency to lie in surveys – and to use surveys to lie. an example of the former would be when we were asked if we were religious and everyone said they believed in god. everyone knows icelanders are heathen dogs that believe in elves ghosts the supernatural and forces of nature. an example of the former came when aluminium champion said that over percent of women in the eastern fjords would work in a smelter. he ‘forgot’ to mention that the actual question in the survey was “if an interesting position was offered would you or would you not consider working at the alcoa fjarðaál plant?”
im happy dexter is back on.
but the researchers found that the students’ jam expertise could be easily undermined by making them fill out questionnaires explaining their preferences. some of the worsttasting jams (at least according to consumer reports) were now ranked the highest.
not sure if this is indicative of how the other mothers perceive me... but as i left i called out "goodnight ladies" and they said nothing. they were engrossed in a video of all the kids baby pictures... so that may have been it... maybe not. ive been kind of a slacker when its come to this event. its been a crazy spring so far.
the author has used straight forward simply language to tell a complex story. her tone is matter of fact but extremely tender loving and understanding throughout the entire work. there is nothing scary or heart wrenchingly sad about the story; it just explains in a very understandable way what a child might well face. information will quite often take away a lot of fear and the author certainly supplies quite a lot of good and valid facts in a relatively short book. truthfully i was amazed at just how much information she was able to pack into so few pages.
for in a short time i will take the journey from which i will not come back.
this means you will pay for both the assessment and your ongoing legal fees while waiting for your suit to complete. which can take years. in the meantime the construction project will commence and no one in you association will be able to sell or refinance because banks do not fund loans at market rates in associations that are being sued. thus your neighbors will hate you.
now that was true. he had ordered a threecourse meal from avanti ristorante delivered to his office complete with antipasto crabstuffed chicken over angel hair pasta crusty bread and olive oil and tiramisu for dessert all served with the house champagne. phoebe had gotten tipsy and then a little bit whiny.
toward the end of our meal clay slipped off the booster seat and slid under the table. he popped back up with a stray crayon and a look on his face like hed just found buried treasure.
there’s something you gotta love about thursday night programming. it doesn’t matter what country you’re in. when nbc coined the phrase “mustsee tv” it was back in the ′s but i really think the heyday for this phrase was in the ′s for mad about you seinfeld and friends. well at least in my memory anyways.
. manic city (prod. by stijn beats)
but because i couldnt set up the cakes til after . pm
russia is a very old nation dating back at least years. by a.d. its princes ruled over the territory of today’s european russia ukraine and belarus. over the centuries russia continued to expand its territory and gradually became a world power. the strongest male rulers were called czars and the female rulers were known as czarinas. these titles were similar to those of king and queen in other countries.
i could only think of one complaint in this app and that is that in the matching games the animals disappear. i guess the thought was that it would be more fun more of a game if the kids had to think fast and touch the animal with the right card before it left the screen but this was just frustrating for my son. they actually do disappear rather slowly and it wouldnt be an issue if the child already knew the answer. but my son is at a point where we need to talk through the cards together so i can help him figure out which one it is and then when he finally decides on one but then the card hides so he cant touch it its a bit frustrating for him. this was more of an issue for the math matching matching numbers to correct number of items on a card (because he didnt have time to count all the cards) than the letter matching games.
the dam from one side
ive spent a ton of money on underwear that the school proceeds to throw out if they are "soiled". so now hes back in pull ups and he could care less.
today is my last fling in a skirt before the weekend when it will be jeans and woolly pullies.
the bridge plays host to a craft market every sunday morning but at the moment there are no photos of the market on here as i am always too busy taking my son to play football for his team heaton hawks on sundays. ill make it down there on a sunday morning one day in the future.
(see matthew for more on this.)
i count as god of avenues and gates
les you can pick a winner if you want.
then we went bowling. our local bowling alley has a summer special mondayfriday you can bowl for . cents. now that is something even this daycare mama can afford to do. we played one game and had lunch (a treat from rachel and abby’s mama).
anyways since nice is pretty boring in terms of activities (but again fantastic if you just want to relax) i went to spend a day in monaco. the bus is only like euro or something ridiculously cheap like that and goes along the coast for about minutes. even if you don’t get to do anything in monaco the bus ride alone is beautiful enough to warrant some time.
nonviolent direct action
ninth on my list is la ceremonie (france ) by claude chabrol part of suspicion the films of claude chabrol and alfred hitchcock january february following the death of chabrol in . i havent read a judgment in stone the ruth rendell book that la ceremonie is based on but considering the primacy of plot and social circumstance it makes sense that la ceremonie is based on her writing. le boucher should also be on my list but i chose la ceremonie probably because it features two of my favorite french actresses sandrine bonnaire and isabelle huppert not to mention jacqueline bisset.
“i’ll trade you a ‘melinda from springfield’ for your ‘peggy from rochester’ rookie card.”
a housemade butterpuff pastry is immediately presented to our table. the pastry is effortlessly light and flaky topped with a quenelle of fluffy green olive mascarpone.
d) is the period of hours within which the intermediary must take down infringing content a reasonable period? how was this figure arrived at?
my friends and i would buy sago’t gulaman[] and use a straw to shoot sago at the guard. the poor guard would feel the sticky sago hit him look around wondering where it came from but he never saw us hiding behind the bush.
rick got the award for husband of the year when he took the kids to his parents house and left me alone for hours.
has anyone told you that with your new haircut you resemble dora the explorer? (in the cutest way of course)
"fine" or "okay i guess" or maybe if you were lucky you got a "good."
so when god speaks to us or about us – he speaks good words over us. god celebrates our life. god likes to do this here’s what god’s blessing sounds like
rereading wodehouse for suitable quotes i’m struggling to contain myself to quoting just a paragraph… or two. wodehouse may be quotable but it’s infernally difficult to draw a firm line and stop quoting. today for example i have been reading ‘all’s well with bingo’ from eggs beans and crumpets which opens as quoted above. it continues as follows
and this death could be an actual death and it could be the actual death of a dream and since our dreams are literally the stuff our future selves are created from the death of a dream is huge
if modern texas politics has ever had a rock star it was lyndon baines johnson. starting out as a congressional secretary and working his way up through the u.s. house and senate and eventually to the white house el presidente burned his brand onto everything he touched and the hill country in general and austin in specific would be very very different today if not for his patronage. not surprisingly the driskill played an important role in his life.
entered in the following challenges
q) clsan can speak different languages. what are some recommended methods to study languages?
tomato sauce tablespoons
i hope youll forgive the briefest interruption of our usual frivolity for a moments genuine admiration. coretta scott king would have been today and its a damn shame shes not. we need her now more than ever.
and here we are with my opening shot in which i planned to tell you how we all dragged ourselves out of bed early on a saturday morning to march into battle at jacks first soccer game. but thanks to bloggers updates and my laziness this is now the end so ill just have to say that i hope i can remember to upload the photos correctly next time despite years of blogger brainwashing me to do things counter intuitively. pregnancy brain is a wee bit frazzled these days.
i think the end will come like the boyfriend im told will appear when im not looking for him. i know this is a spurious comparison and probably in bad taste but moms departure is on her mind and everybody who attends to her. im glad severe is part of persevere because no one is going gently into this good night. even though she says she is ready to go i see her raging against the dying of the light.
emilys favorite music mix 
lunch was made by one of the members of the household. again a gathering outside whilst it was eaten. some freshly picked coriander chopped and sprinkled on top added to the sensory festival of the day.
“ so mr. ortiz it says here that you are years old.”
thanks to "yo gabba gabba" this along with "dont bite your friends" is a frequent "request". theres something charming about a two year old chanting "pick it up pick it up pick it up" in ranking roger toasting style and heres the video
erhard blum
think "the hunger chronicles meets percy jackson" and then and i hope i dont lose anyone here throw in a little bit of the firm because i was reminded of the greatest accomplishment of that first big hit of grishams which was the way he created twice in that novel a totally alluring fictional world and then allowed a sense of doom and danger to overtake that world both in memphis and in the cayman islands.
still not a fan of snotsucking. but really who is?
new this year a pocket guide to the native plants of teton county wy will be given out free to each attendee. tcd has created this guide to the native plant species found in teton county and the surrounding areas to illustrate how to utilize them for landscaping purposes. along with a why and how to use native plants section there are color photos and characteristics listed for over species outlined in the pocket guide. tcd would like to thank the teton county weed and pest district the wyoming native plant society and conservation seeding & restoration inc. for contributing to this guide.
 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro
* the previously mentioned cost of writing the book editing it designing the cover etc.
having it happen repeatedly.
the demon city is my town basically because they have the coolest hero in the game one who can make her ballista shoot fire bolts. start the game with her and you don’t need an army to claim your mines. the demon city also has the skill of gating which is by far the coolest skill of them all.
“so….i don’t have an actual suspect to pursue…..so how the hell am i supposed to kill something if i don’t know what i am looking for???”
im getting the hang of shaping rolls. it didnt take that long to do either. ten minutes tops i decided to make a small extra pan to test how well these reheat. covered with a towel and back into my cozy oven (you dont have to do this but i need the counter space anyway)...
at least i now have some cool fabric immortalizing their childhood artwork to help remind me of these years.
internet contest
on the topic of minimizing iffy news about the media’s messiah; did you know malia and what’shername—obama’s other precious progeny—will be attending a private school at the cost of grand a pop per year. “mayor adrian m. fenty of washington strongly lobbied the obamas to consider a public school but that was apparently never an option” reports the nyt. a man of the people is our prince. what’s good for average joe’s goose is clearly no good for obama’s gander.
im a very patriotic person not a racist. i have no problem with a persons skin colour just muslim extremism that threatens this great country of ours and other countries throughout the civilised world. people often say that this world and country is getting worse and yet very few people actually bother to sit down and reflect on why. take time out and look at all the political correctness liberalism and human rights groups that have sprung up over the last yrs and notice the decline in society to go alongside it
if you caught minutes sunday night you spent one half hour of your life learning much of what you already knew about sleep deprivation it can impair your memory your driving prowess and your ability to be asked inane questions without choking leslie stahl. but guess what else? when a male fruit fly is denied sleep he spends his time cleaning himself and drinking boxed wine rather than mating.
adios
herbert a. millington
what did he really believe that he was? a macedonian certainly but what kind of macedonian? he himself had the habit of recounting – it is recorded in his memoirs – on this an incident in the margin of the general assembly of the un in april to which his country had been accepted as fyrom. the actors where himself and a group of “macedonians of the diaspora” who had hurried from australia to show their support
you made human beings the rulers over all that your hands have created.
the next morning the former stationmaster left. only then shankar realised how lonely he would be at this place. it was by far the least populated place he had ever seen he was the only person in the station. there was no coolie no pointsman no guard nothing
apart from the invasive facility to set up fb pages in other people’s names and reveal sensitive information about them this exposes a laxity in facebook’s access protocols which takes one breath away. apparently an unconnected individual can take control of a community page and alter or delete information in it without any evaluation or consent by either the original owner or facebook.
feathered flash
this or these; i bought two of them was or were my christmas gift to myself this week.
opportunities (let’s make lots of money)
retail investor sentiment according to the weekly aaii improved slightly along with the recovering stock market. the bullish grew slightly to .% (from .% last week) and the bears fell from % to % bringing the bull ratio up to %. this is normal behavior but of course as contrarians we’d prefer to see a bit more skepticism to cement the floor.
 vice principal comes over looks at jack’s shotgun goes to his car and gets his shotgun to show jack.
the recent arrival of two university friends meant it was time for the wall take ii. and this time we really did have to climb. after driving up into the foothills outside beijing – passing a man leading a camel along the way – we arrived at mùtiányù where a large section of the ming dynasty wall complete with watchtowers snakes along the mountain top. at first we ambled along under the smogfree sunny sky passing only a few fellow tourists. then “climb” became the operative word with steep inclines and hawkers offering temptingly overpriced chocolate bars at the top of each new height.
quick story in college i got so sick of people bumming slices when id order pizza i started ordering anchovies every time because it was the only thing that could keep people from wanting any.
total frustration had caused me to throw the styrofoam cup across my office. fortunately only a few drops of cold coffee splattered against the eggshell wall. the fifth refill was almost completely finished after a morning of “boot and reboot”.
im still halted.
looking around nervously as things got moved about with some vigour.
my favorite television memory of all time watching keith foulke flip the ball to doug mientkiewicz for the last out of the world series which isn’t strictly a “tv” memory i suppose. so there’s this scene in one episode of justice league where the flash starts racing around the world. as he’s speeding around the planet he keeps hitting lex luthor (who had merged with brainiac). each punch is an incredible blow stunning luthor. he eventually knocks him out and flash is standing there crackling with all of this energy. amazing scene especially for a fan of the flash.
collects the words and assembles a window
 dix. “st. john chrysostom and the jews.” st. john chrysostom episcopal church chicago illinois.
yes hit another milestone and baby is doing well. she has flunked every nst at the peris office. however has passed the bpp with flying colors. friday night we got slammed by that awful snow storm. dh and i had an argument about the driveway being blown out. the car (ford explorer in wheel drive) got stuck in the snow. so i got mad and went and bought a new snowblower since i hated the other one so much. only to fall in the snow times trying to get through the driveway. which earned me a trip to l&d for monitoring by my ob. which then turned into the nurse giving me the riot act for being out on bedrest. yeah my ob forgot when he was talking to me on the phone. he sure as heck remembered by the time the nurse gave him test results. i was told that he said that i was not to be out of bed. that i was to go home go to bed and put feet up. i was not allowed to get out except to pee. the nurse said and you know you were supposed to be on bedrest. yikes. totall freaking busted. which will make for an interesting situation when it turns january and dh goes back to work. who will pick up the girls from school and daycare when he works late. so i think i may be seeing if the inlaws can pick sara up from daycare for the the last few weeks.
boy im going to the bar. do you want anything?
i hadn’t heard of this one never seen a preview but when girls night comes around there’s no place to go these days sep redbox and we found like crazy.
james is a renowned mystery writer and she’s written a decent yarn. there are suitable twists and turns villainous rogues and wellintentioned bystanders. i would have done better to read this novel as a mystery novel that happens to feature people with the same names as the beloved characters of one of my favorite books pride and prejudice than as a further adventure of darcy and elizabeth. this my approach to the film version of mansfield park and viewed from that perspective a nice period piece.
isaiah 
last time for the ooh la la pinup sewalong we had just finished our bra back closure and basted the top together in anticipation of binding the raw edges.
barley’s brewhouse – and midland drive
these are some of the decorations in our basement. we set up a staging area for the mermaid entertainer down there so we could finish preparing the food (and have a cup of tea in peace) before the kids all came upstairs again. the white fabric with the shells on is a shower curtain that i purchased for $ from our local emporium. i got of them so i was able to cover up most of the walls and shelves (which were full of very distracting toys as this is where our kids play). i closed the curtains so it was quite dark down there and put on a low light to really give the impression that they were underwater. the girls walked through blue streamers to get into the room. the mermaid was brilliant and the kids all absolutely loved her. its the second time ive used an entertainer from an enchanted party and they are worth every cent.﻿ i think my now year old slept with the fairy dust given to her at her th birthday party under her pillow for about a year and when i went to drop the girls at school this morning several of the party guests came up to me to talk to me about melody the mermaid. one mum told me that her daughter hadnt stopped talking about how the fairy queen had granted mermaid melody legs for the day so she could come to eloises party. very cute
there is something a bit sad about knowing that things are changing again but there is also the anticipation of knowing that summer will come back again next year. although next year i think that i will go on holiday abroad to get some properly hot sunshiny weather as i don’t think that i could cope with another wet summer
“the very minute katarina. we need this.” “i know. she’s going to love them.”
ignis corporis infirmat ignis sed animae perstat for virginia woolf happy robert burns day
richies crew is watching an ad for an ali frazier fight that night. frank gives eva a gift and she gives him one back an over the top chinchilla coat with a matching hat. richie arranges to attend the match with a camera to see all the prominent crime figures attending including dominic cattano. frank and eva have the best seats available better than cattano and the chinchilla coat and hat make him stand out. hes noticed by richie who takes some pictures of him talking with cattano and by det. trupo.
who am i not to follow greatness
onion garden freebie
despite the medical bill (and ultimately the chemical bill when i realized that i couldnt conquer each and every poison ivy root by hand or shovel) i whipped the area around that little pond right into shape. im looking forward to next year when i can really make it pretty
exasperated i entered …and waited. but nothing happened. i watched the tiny screen my lifeline to my future.
or perhaps its only this time of year that these particular people come out of the woodwork.gawd knows what they do the for rest of the yearmost probably sit in front of the telly planning the intricacies of next years festive excursion.
i suppose it all boils down to…whose temple it is in the mind of the person.
an uprising roar of joy;
~god with his outpouring of grace and forgiveness
well i was in but in
there is a shift going on in the planet and it’s a slow profound shift of human consciousness. twentytwo years ago i told you about it in the first transcription kryon book i. part of the kryon energy is created to give you understanding information and love about things that are new on the planet. this is one. although it’s new it’s not unexpected.
adieu
*nov atlanta ga verizon wireless amphitheatre on sale soon
these type of shots are great as the floor is the background so you dont have to worry about flat or contrasty skies.
sometimes i wonder if i ever wont be tired and cranky.
managers in a sincere desire to give their employees positive feedback frequently tell employees they are “doing great” or that they “did a good job.”
strange 
and it tries to be viscious
this week we are sponsored by...
despite the protests and requests from across the board including from the tel aviv university students’ union i am happy to say the protest still took place. however it ended up being a whole lot noisier than the organizers might have hoped for when clashes broke out between “rightwing” protestors and “leftist” celebrants.
“that” is redundant and reduces the flow of the line. the little things count you know. i wouldn’t expect the staff of one of the more incompetent groups to know that though.
orval
most of all though i think i miss the denial.
we all had super cheesy permagrins on the entire show.
* you actually like old mental institutions and prisons.
“the more i learned about it the more fascinated i became” he continued. “number one my thesis was exactly right this revolt had been covered up for almost years by very powerful people with very strong interests in keeping this secret. as soon as i found that out i got even more excited.”… – louisiana weekly 
a yes i have heard it a lot. when we first made our debut (they said) i could not dance. to be honest i have never dreamt of becoming an expert in dance or anything of that sort and even now i do not have such hopes. if i say things like this will the company not like it? anyway i do not like hearing things like “he can’t make it.”
did someone then put two and two together?
i find it hard to believe that the press in the uk would be as respectful of the familys privacy as the french have been.
prairie fire
first off i knew all the twists before they happened. all of them.
the "brain" article ends with this passage by neuroscientist david eagleman which i strongly agree with
well this is a homemade recipe no link no book… just me and veggies now my trick is to cut the veggies up small. this is for two reasons. so your non vegetable eating companion either doesn’t notice them or concludes they are way to small to be bothered picking out. so here we go.
. big noyd freezers snippet
the corruption in many of the elite levels of the upper ranks of the civil service personnel have the same track record except they simply held government jobs moving up regularly and eventually they are at what i call the convention level. this is the level that invents reasons to hold training sessions or hold a convention for some legal sounding excuse and it is almost always held in las vegas hawaii bermuda or other vacation mecca possibly even the french riviera if your gs level is at a minimum of twelve. such is more often an interdepartment event where almost everybody is a gs or higher. these are the true professional people whose ability to make expenditures is of the highest orders and quite beyond the imagination of mere mortal taxpayers. these are government employees who have government provided chauffeurs driving them around in a lincoln cadillac or even a mercedes. by the time you get to the highest level of our federal government you have been rewarded and rated as exemplary at your job for so many years and for levels of work that are often the butt of jokes for comedians performing in the nation’s capital. actually after having been raised in the suburbs of our nation’s capital i am surprised that there are not far more instances of such extravagant and overthetop malfeasance by our highest level miscreants sorry government employees. the sorry thing is many actually do attempt to work diligently and competently but the ones who are along for the ride give the whole a bad name. the only thing i can recommend we the tax paying public can do is to thank those who work in the government at any level when they treat their job and the public they serve with respect and show diligence. complaining about the others will usually not accomplish anything except supply the watercooler circle with grist for their comedic mills.
alabamaweet home alabama
we’re also pleased to announce the confirmed involvement of north of watford’s sarah emmott and there will be more confirmed connections soon enough
maclays have refurbished the place somewhat in the last few years so that there are more tables to have something to eat at (apart from their famous pies) in the side room but the bar areas still pretty much the same (long and narrow) and can get really busy when theres a big sporting event on as per today. we quite happily had a few great pints of fyne ales jarl stewart forth mist and knops california common (quite caramely today) watching the game come to life in the last minutes cant really ask for much better than that except for the result to be different i guess
imogen yes and on my sign for recycling im drawing empty bottles and broken bathtubs.
so how are we going to pay for the cuddly toy moon landing project?
leggings mandee.
my husband and son liked it too even though this flavor was one they wouldnt
“liesl come with me” he finally said with a hint of begging in his voice. “your coach awaits.”
if the judge grants you a temporary restraining order the police officers have the authority to remove the abuser from your home in order to protect you from further abuse. note that the abuser will be temporarily prevented from returning to your home regardless of whether the residence or household is his or hers yours or jointly ownedeased by both of you.
manchester united
lip curling
rhinos....how does a small boy cope with the world
so let’s come together to talk about the kind of jewish community that would be meaningful to each of us. we’ll talk about the kinds of ideas events and programs which could exist we’ll challenge the idea that there can only be one jewish community or one jewish way of thinking in melbourne.
there is almost no limit to what a human being can do as long as he doesn’t have this variety of stuff thrown at him in the guise of affinity communication and reality. people are postulating new realities for him. and every time he accepts one of these new realities he’s sort of sunk.
thank you sara these shoes are great
yet i think i know what i need
contest entries will be accepted from now until pm pacific time tuesday may th.
good for me i thought so i stuck it on the art
to give birth to a child that you could never call your own.
what is likely is that they fear tracking of their purchases and reporting to an agency by the store . this concern has same basis in fact. i witnessed one incident where a bodega owner who routinely used his entire ebt benefit to purchase sodas to stock the shelves of his business was reported to a fraud hotline. using his "free money" benefits at the grocery store is probably far less expensive than buying the same amount of stock from authorized soda vendors or the discounts offered in a bulk items store. a few people concerned with the bodega owner purchasing soda in amounts far above what would reasonably considered to be for personal use reported him to the benefits office and shortly after that he stopped visiting the store.
nice beer to drink on a cloudy sunday afternoon getting ready to watch the steelers
i didn’t see that one coming. “work boots? but why? you don’t wear work boots. the last time you wore them was when you worked construction years ago.”
we’ve already seen where this path leads. it erodes freedom. it deadens the entrepreneurial spirit. and it hurts the very people it’s supposed to help. those who promise to spread the wealth around only ever succeed in spreading poverty. other nations have chosen that path. it leads to chronic high unemployment crushing debt and stagnant wages.
so this pregnancy lark isn’t quite what it’s made out to be is it? in the first trimester of pregnancy there are a whoooole load of ‘side effects’ that you don’t hear about ‘morning’ sickness is the least of your worries and that’s if you do only suffer from it in the morning unlike the other % of the population who suffer from it all day long. here’s a nice little quick reference list for you all to contemplate before you think about starting that lovely little family you’ve had planned all of your life
one of the unexpected benefits of this fast was that as time passed i noticed my cravings change. i went from dreaming of sugary snacks and desserts to wondering where on earth all the fruit had gone. i longed for berries in a way i never had. peaches were a pure delight and melons well dont even get me started. it seemed this fast was slowly detoxing my body and teaching it to yearn for the best the earth had to offer in its raw unadulterated form. as the loss of something i once held dear morphed into a gain i never saw coming i was reminded of what a little sacrifice and a bit of faithfulness can bring.
george washington circular to the states may 
thank you also for the suggestions about my carved mold which i posted on yesterday. i still do not know what it is but i will keep looking.
the wilson room was packed with people interested to see the film. as well as a good number of people from barnet john was joined by jeremy corbyn mp for islington who confessed to owning and allotment in barnet. other notable people present were rob lloyd philanthropist and secret millionaire gary peak former aston villa footballer joe egan boxer and eastenders star and russell floyd star of the eastenders and the bill. all had come to express their support for the film and people affected by the cuts. during the q&a afterwards russell flioyd made an impassioned speech echoing the sentiments of ken loach in the film that people have to get out on the streets. he said " i am from south london and these issues affect everyone".
(disclaimer the mention of the above schools organizations and resources is for your convenience only. rpb is not affiliated in any way with the above and we are not responsible for the use or misuse of the provided resources. it is up to you to do the proper research before pursuing any work or education in this field.)
the night before last in a rare moment of leisure dean haskins’ story about the missing birth record of baby girl virginia sunahara caught my eye. httpwww.birthersummit.orgewswasbabyvirginiasunaharasidentitystolen.html
desire.
how could the internet kill creativity? isn’t it a place where people could express themselves freely to the world and share ideas? the answer is yes. but sometimes this isn’t always a good thing. some people like to find what works and stick to it. they get so stuck on a formula of what works that they don;t even use their creativity anymore.
dice the onion first. in a large frying pan pour tablespoon of olive oil in and heat. then add the onion and sauté until onions are clear. brown the meat with the onions until there is no pink left. add ¼ of garlic salt and set aside.
this then is the function of historical fiction ‘historical’ because it is a reasonably accurate reconstruction from existing records; and ‘fiction’ because it is a composite of the lives and attitudes of the timesboth the good and the bad. it also serves to mark a lifestyle that might otherwise be forgotten.
because of how the children in birmingham had been treated the horrid pictures appearing on televisions all over the world the back of jim crow was finally broken. the president of the united states at the time john f. kennedy made a speech later that week saying that it was time for segregation in this country to end. he had not wanted to bother much with the situation in the south but the thousands of children who would not be stopped forced him to have to deal with the ugliness of racism.
) in a large mixing bowl mix the white of eggs with yolks depending on your preference. i used to leave the yolks totally out but ive come to learn that there are so many great benefits from them in moderation that now i almost always keep some in when cooking.
) ed pennsylvania .
the child who cannot be identified was still in the ngwelezane
sincerity is a destination
soup is easily my favorite comfort food. soup is healing; soup is comforting. soup is a ‘setitandforgetit’ and pretty difficult to mess up. making your own soup can be beneficial for your health as well. canned boxed frozen and dehydrated soups more often than not contain hazardous amounts of sodium. the sodium levels in most store bought broths are also loaded with this dehydrating bloating ingredient. sure it can be delicious and addicting but highsodium diets negatively effect your skin blood pressure and kidneys.
share and repin on pinterest
its a chest at least thats what we call it it now sits in our living room and acts as a coffee table desk for the kids to work at a foot rest when we are watching a film oh and as it opens (the drawers dont open) it also gets used as storage. old furniture may not be everyones cup of tea but i like it.
ps thanks for following...im alive still )
conversely people speak mayan not maya. so unless you are talking about a mayan language always say maya.
that section of the course has since finished and now i have more or less complete freedom in posting. i’d like to continue running the blog because it’s been really satisfying producing something concrete that celebrates the wellington poetry scene. i’ve enjoyed crafting the snippets of content picking out photographs and seeing reactions from people.
we are god’s handiwork – the work of his hands. we are delicate and beautiful people made in his image – the image of god. we are perfect in the eyes of god and he loves us beyond the finite understanding that he has granted us. he created us so how can we be a mistake? we are precious to him and he will never give us a challenge or put us in a situation that we cannot handle. so is the grace of god.
love the colors...
if you are thinking of joining me in spain in late march i fear there will be nothing quite as insightful as that in store. but it should be good fun.
kuditdit has also become rare nowadays and thus it has become a kind of another exotic fare. you can usually find them sold in the market and is quite pricey but nonetheless a best seller as it is a prized companion to a savory dinengdengnabraw especially when partnered with wild mushrooms.
what’s kickin’ readers?
my feeling is that this trend can continue only for another few weeks and the market then will find some buyers’ activity in the near future. we will hit the bottom at the end of the first half or the beginning of the second half late june or early july. but i don’t expect the strong recovery on the stock market this year because the interest rate is still high and i don’t expect the interest rate to come down until .
bonus code
if you could live anywhere in the world where would it be?
in close up we see guy pearce’s face he plays snow an excia operative who is being questioned. snow responds to each question with a quip and is promptly punched in the face disappearing out of shot briefly before reappearing bloodied to quip again.
arriving at the course i decided to get a cup of coffee before putting a few balls to get used to the speed of the green. my playing partners frank and al meets me at the tee box ready for a round of golf that took years in the making. al wins the draw and tees off first. like always mr. consistent drives it up the middle of a long par lined with large trees that reaches the sky. i’m next and i manage to drive it past al and into the middle of the fairway as well. frank is next and he pulls it left into the towering trees.
nope. nada. nothing.
our current challenge things with wings (for kids) is open until april th at noon cst so there is plenty of time to make and link a card for chances at great prizes andr our top three. so come join in the fun and after you do please consider sending in the card to cheer one of our kids in a childrens hospital. all the details you need to know are under the tabs above. but you do not need to send in the card to enter our challenges.
drizzle chocolate over tops of cups (or spoon over as desired). place in refrigerator about minutes to set then return to room temperature and serve. they are best eaten that day but they will keep in an airtight container up days (perhaps longer in the refrigerator). makes .
“not at all mistress” said joseph.
however i am very familiar with traci’s seizure triggers having witnessed numerous seizures over the years we were together and seen many more occasions when she had what she called the “heebiejeebies” – myoclonic jerks to use the medical term – and quieted herself in order to prevent a seizure from occurring. due to that familiarity i have an understanding of what led to traci’s fatal seizure. having reconstructed what actually occurred i can also imagine an alternative scenario in which traci with full conscious awareness not only of her own seizure triggers but also of her relatively high risk of sudep makes different choices on that particular day and lives.
stupid red skinned foolish disrespect to native americans….nobody said “that’s an honorable native chief”….
my youth pastor gave the members of my youth group this for christmas last year. i encourage you to look up each of these verses. just thought i’d share
** i would be wrong to pass this off as all my own work. rather it is a bastardisation of hundreds of things i’ve read over the years all cobbled together into a frakensteinesque whole. i’d gladly name my sources if i could but unfortunately i’ve forgotten most of them i seem to remember several copies of dwm an editor’s note in a virgin new adventures book and one of those interminable dr who encyclopedia of the mids all played a part. so well done to you guys
beginning with the best watering holes in order of bart stops three are accessible from the montgomery station. if you’re looking for brewpubs this is the stop to reach two of sf’s fivest amendment and thirsty bear. “ a” is almost spitting distance from at&t park and fills up like mad when the world champion giants play at home. here you’ll find the beer that made them famous their watermelon wheat (served with a watermelon wedge in lieu of the more commonplace lemon peel in other wheat beers.) but they have a hearty selection of other house beers ranging from sessionable to extreme and the food is delectable pub grub.
to communicate how devastating sexual abuse is and to encourage others to seek help and to express themselves also i wanted the images to be therapeutic while using readily available supplies and producing the images as simple as possible.
its been quiet here at best family adventures not for lack of activity but due to major changes here on the central coast. were off the road indefinitely as we enter another new adventure life in our new country home.
when i left the financial times book desk knowing of my passion my colleagues gave me a sizable gift voucher for penhaligons. this turned out to be no easy choice were they aware just how many perfumes penhaligons put out? after several visits and fistfuls of smelling strips the choice narrowed to three violetta approved by the guide (but i already had two violet perfumes); amaranthine by bertrand duchaufour (similar to my mind to his traversee du bosphore for lartisan parfumeur and anyway i preferred tdbs drydown) and his new fragrance sartorial.
i printed out each comment that was left as an entry to this contest and nicole drew the winner which is...
and in the medical establishment the gears ground the slowest of all for “nothing was absolutely conclusive yet” they said.
sweet potato shoots bunch cut into bite sizes
i would have had time to call family
their findings are bad news especially for the barrier islands that lie like beads on a necklace along the coast from new england to texas. the islands long sandy strips of land immediately off the coast are home to many of the nation’s shore resorts and coastal towns.
laugh at myself at others whatever it takes
now if you don’t want to come off that way just find better ways to word it if you can’t talk. everyone is busy and if someone reaches out to you even though they are probably busy too then you can give them the curiosity of being nice to them. here’s the main deal being busy is great and for the most part all of us so no one gives any thought about that in a real conversation unless they ask you “how busy you are?” don’t response with you telling them how busy you are. lets be honest that’s just rude so think on that before you response with… “i am busy” no one cares if you are or not.
i predict that if microsoft continues to neglect desktop gaming in favor of pushing its xbox systems they will be surprised to find that their desktop os share dropping...
mission statement
the ‘dancing building’ is a nickname given to nationalenederlanden building that is located in prague’s downtown. designed by croatianczech architect vlado milunić in collaboration with canadian frank gehry the building was completed in . the building was built instead of the one that was destroyed during bombing of prague in .
“buddy cop” movies aka one of the most overused and clichéd genres ever made. some aren’t all bad like the everpopular lethal weapon the guilty pleasure rush hour series and my personal favorite hot fuzz. the only differences between those movies and jump street are the undercover characters and the overly used penis jokes. seriously every joke that comes out of their mouth relates to the male genitalia. sure that can be funny every once in awhile but every five minutes gets a little old.
and the guest designer for our next challenge chosen from the top is
 cup of allpurpose flour
candidate beverley manor district
it was delicious but i bet it would have been even better with regular flour.
eyes filled with tears i looked up at my nephew who was still reminiscing and i heard him say this to his mom
for titanic i believe that it boils down to major things.
seat salt and ground black pepper to taste
once the meat is seared place it in the roasting pan. i like to use roasting pans that have an elevated roasting rack. i also add water to the base of the pan as an extra insurance that the meat will remain tender. cook the roast in the oven uncovered for about a half an hour. (you’ll be adding the topping to the roast and will be returning it to the oven.)
this cute pin was designed by annette e. martin and i had found it over on our demonstrator board. i fell in love with it so i found a pair of the dh old blue jeans and made this pin isnt it too cute?
but first let me tell you about the challenge for the card on my blog today. the challenge came from jeanette and was as follows "who loves a secret? i know i do lets have a secret oneword challenge. this is how it will work. each calendar girl will come up with a oneword challenge for the calendar girl who follows her on the list. it can only be one word but it can be any word (glitter three apple blue holiday sponging friendship.... whatever word you choose) then secretly email or pm that one word challenge to the next person on the list and she will create a card that in some way represents that word." i received my word from michelle and my secret word was....
when you embrace humanity in its broken condition
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy
not just any ads. if you look at the numbers posted by the observer youll find some telling statistics of whats bringing in the dough. lets see there are ads for restaurants two for fashionccessories one for home furnishingsome improvement. no i dont think those are whats paying the bills. a bit farther down the page is a category called adult entertainment which has ads. hmmm there might be a clue there.he then quotes some racy suggestive captions joking that he didnt click on them for fear of alerting belo corp. human resources staff but concludes that
if youve read over the "notes" page youre already familiar with the way each chapter is arranged. at the end of each chapter is a larger activity idea to implement permanently as a family. as we head into the weekend let me share the first of these activities with you. ponder how you can make it work in your home and continue having spontaneous fun with your little ones
i hope you have all been doing well. im going to try to start posting more regularly... probably a few times a week. i miss blogging and all of my lovely friendships.
backdrops will take a nightmarish turn – grey reality will segue into a threatening red hued forest with shadowy trees. i felt that reality memory and nightmare could be entered at certain points reminiscent of the dark corners that lead to hell in so many david lynch films.
you see for any of the above to matter the left would have to have some shred of virtue. and they simply don’t have any virtue at all. they are liars without honesty shame or integrity. hypocrisy and deceit are pathological. take these things away from a liberal and he or she would vanish. because it’s all they are.
so the solution write in two wips for nano two projects for a combined total of k and separate totals of whatever ends up adding together to be k xd my projects include the novelization of the short story mentioned in my previous post and book of le series entitled the slavemaster. so it basically goes *ahh romance sweetness and light* … *slavery cruelty & death* … *music and light and romance* … *death & destruction & more death*
on the minus side since that first purchase i have gone on to buy shall we say ‘a few more pairs’ of shoe trees. i now consider them an essential purchase if you care about your shoes. so each time i purchase a shoe i have started to factor in the extra cost of a shoe tree. obviously shoe trees will outlast the shoe so i will have them for many many years to come long after the shoes have worn out. nonetheless they do increase the cost of building a shoe collection though they pay for themselves by enabling shoes to last much longer. initially i intended to use trees only for special more expensive shoes and to alternate between shoes. eventually i have come to the view that it is simpler though more expensive to have shoe trees for each pair of formal shoes. this has led to some interesting dilemmas.
it was so easy to do and i am thinking that i need to make a few more
here is the st part of my wedding day story
not only was spofforth the first great fast bowler ever he was also cricket’s first true fast bowler one with deadly accuracy overpowering aggression and good pace. his terrorising effect on the opposition batsmen earned him his larger than life nickname ‘demon’. it was his crippling that gave england their first ever test defeat and gave birth to the legend of ashes. he was the first man to take a hat trick in tests and his at the oval remains the second best performance by an australian till date. had business concerns not forced him to retire at the age of spofforth would surely have taken his already legendary career to even greater heights.
i am in year of my year project to build a gentleman’s wardrobe. when i began the project i confess that i did not set out with this as a clear aim. like many men my wardrobe was not near the top of my priority list; family career finances were at the top and rightly so. a little over years ago i got round to looking at my wardrobe i realised that something needed to be done. i certainly didn’t have the money simply to replace my wardrobe so it needed to be done bit by bit. with hindsight i now know that this is the best way to build a gentleman’s wardrobe. a year project was begun.
i’m not actually mad you know
this beautiful leaf dish was a wedding gift from odd years ago that was never opened. its going right on my coffee table )
“throw your coffee cup. that always seems to fix the problem.” his friendly sarcasm reverberated from the adjoining office. “i’m having to tinker with mine this morning too. i will give yours a look in a couple of minutes.”
with all the travelling and staying a little extra for the party we arrived home just hours before sukkot would start and pretty stressed out. sukkot had kind of fallen off the radar and now it was upon us with no formal plans. i was worried it might turn out to be kind of a lame chag but that’s not what happened. instead we were able to make it special although pretty different from what we’re both used to.
"i wish i could fly" from chip mcfellows of west hamsport oregon
and then came the real shocker...
watch church avenue bloom
i guess ive been quiet lately because ive been doing a lot of personal thinking. also a lot of personal filtering....no one not even handsome knows about this blog. ive always liked it that way. i started it as a way to just gush out my real thoughts and feelings but then i started selfcensoring. i was worried people in my real life would find this blog. and then looking back through my posts i realized i wasnt saying anonymously what i wanted to say anonymously in the first place. it just all ended up being crap and half hearted.
gregory congress is incredibly unpopular
theres gonna be a blood bathof hajis dyin on my way
soraya was condemned to death by stoning. i cannot take off my mind the images of that woman as she bade goodbye to her two little daughters. i cannot forget her quiet strength as she walked to her point of death. i can never forget the look in her eyes as she stood before her community and asked them “how can you do this to me. i was your neighbour your friend your daughter your mother your wife. i cleaned your houses. i was with you and you act as if you do not know who i am.”
the winter fest is smaller than the other fests they do; about people and eleven breweries were there and a pretty hot blues band. cathy and i did a quick recon of the breweries represented at the event and picked mudhook and evil genius as our two best most interesting breweries to talk to (partly because theyre pretty new partly because the brewers were actually there...and partly because the light was really good there).
second....no wonder the "deer" had been pointed out so much. i wonder if the real deer had even made any paw marks or if those were made by my little shi$ who thought i would believe when no tulips grew that the deer had eaten them all. and here i thought they were just concerned about their flowering efforts.
yeah its alright.
to share my room in the house not right in the head
it’s pretty gorgeous lots of pictures as well as essays on different aspects of pyle’s work.
place some safety pins in to keep it all together.
most interesting were the questions from the community members. several times i heard the same ones posed to the correctional officers and their commanders leading the tour. "will there be murderers in here?" "whats the longest sentence?" and "how many people are allowed in the showers?"
we hope you’ve heard the good news…….leigh and lowton sailing club are
at the university radisson hotel
after a decade of darkness there was a sudden explosion of bright light – like a flash bulb going off he says.
below standard
gastrointestinal disorders
there are a lot of bold insecure and simply selfish people out there today who do not respect other people’s relationships and partners. they (usually women) will often go out of their way to prove they are desirable by flirting with someone else’s man right in front of them. often times it’s done for a competitive edge and for ego building. either way it doesn’t matter what someone else is doing b that cannot be controlled to a certain degree – it’s always left up to your partner to show no interest in feeding into that. yes it’s flattering to be desirable to others whether you are in a relationship or not. but it should not reach levels of outright feeding unless you are the kind of person who depends on others validation to feel completely desirable to your partner. the problem is when a person who is in a relationship feeds into other people who are flirting with them who know they are in a relationship or even better knowing their so is standing right there with them. it is the job of the person in the relationship to halt that in some manner if their partner is being put in an awkward situation.
the word “normal” should be removed from our dictionaries as it’s the root to all the discrimination and social prisons out there.
we have tenants in there now and theyre such a sweet cute couple. army lady and mr. dad two little girls and a baby on the way in a few months. my favorite part of the real estate biz is providing a good place to live where a family can be happy and make memories.
the islamic worldview focuses on works
but a great little homewares shop in town (the flying fish nanaimo) had some wonderful cushions using recycled saris to embroider designs on a neutral background you can see one with the zigzag patterns above and another below with the three large stylized flowers at the right below. by my standards they were expensive ($ each) so i hesitated a day or two but i suspected they would be the key to pulling together a collection of less expensive pillows.
"it looks solid."
) the pick up
a benefits claimant has been jailed for two months after he failed to tell council officials about a change in his living arrangements.
just as vitamins and minerals are important to strengthen our immune system so are fats and carbohydrates. so it is important that we include different types of food in our diet. however whatever we do or eat should be in moderation as an excess of any thing upsets the balance of nutrients exercise and rest required by our body.
i did it like this
everyone else on the course ranges in age from . bwwwaaahhhhaaaahhhhaaaa. i am really going to have to struggle to maintain my believe that i am entitled to be there. and i am really going to have to try really hard not to become the mother hen.
thank you all for participating.
my husband says i keep looking for things i could find useful even if i had to rummage through waste. so yesterday i found this desolate looking flower pot in our old and neglected storeroom. i found another ancient and beautiful large vase too but that ill talk about in some other post.
toni morrisons beloved
so much culture content... and the room is tidy too (at last). win win.
final thoughts
i have actually spent most of the day choreographing dances for my classes maybe all of my creativity and inspiration has been zapped already
im sure this will be a popular theme this week at several challenges but here at my sheri crafts we would like you to create a card or project with a thanksgiving or thank you theme. wait til you see all the wonderful inspiration the team has for you this week
we want to see chickey cantor in the game – posted more than one user in the game’s forums. a small but insistent voice was starting to make itself heard. make her a mascot a character another announcer. have her give superpowerful eggs. people were having a lot of fun with the whole chickenthemed story.
i just got another headsup from stonetalon. first the basic information itself dontrag and utvoch (of course) were making a scouting sweep around battlescar valley doing a little followup on the skirmishes we’ve had there with alliance forces when they ran into another one of the faceless ones we’d found down around thal’darak grove. it must have been the runt of the faceless litter because d&u were able to smack it down pretty easily but they decided to have an extra look around the area. a rare nonretarded move by those two i know. it happens.
i called shmulik he and i drive in together so i wanted to make sure he was awake and would be ready on time. i called davidi he came home last night because hes now a counselor for a local youth group to make sure he was awake and was going to go with us. im tired. i want to sleep not coordinate the world.
confession 
. handling barriers and roadblocks rb – “my interest in life comes from setting myself huge apparently unachievable challenges and trying to rise above them”
all the complexities of life took a backseat whenever he had a rendezvous with nature. unlike other boys of his age he had always been a romantic person at heart. nature and its serenity had always helped him in clearing his mind. but most of the people were unaware of this including iqra.
hunt translates
talked to dee on the phone part of the time while i was
since i found this wool ive picked up some french navy ply wool for a song too have you unravelled any old jumpers just for the yarn? there are some real bargains out there for the intrepid yarnhunter. you may not get your first choice of colour but that would be too easy wouldnt it? and it can always be turned into a blanket like my grandmas.....
i have two teenagers and rapper wiz khalifa’s “black and yellow” a tribute to his hometown of pittsburgh got plenty of play in our house this year. so when i watched the new parody video hit “black and jewish” i got the joke on several levels. i also knew it was going to make a lot of people uncomfortable. after mulling it over i wanted to weigh in with my perspective as an adult interfaith child.
book two a tangle of magicks will come out in august . it’s set in regencyera bath where kat and her family get tangled up in a scandalous adventure with rakes napoleonic spies and dangerous wild magic.
slice beets in strips or cubes like i did and place on greens.
so if i dont know you or maybe i do and youre reading this send me an email say hi and maybe even drop by for a visit. ill be sure to show you around town and introduce you to the gang.
camera this would be helpful to take pictures of the damage immediately after the situation happened. that way you can send it to insurance and other places also to have a keepsake for yourself of what really happened.
“i like dane’s approach… this way i can i) bring something to market pretty fast ii) afford the little failures here and learn from them iii) generate monthly cash flow (people start to take you seriously when this happens) iv) build a track record in case i need to go the vc route for my next business… so basically winwinwinwin”
oh now you all know that i am from texas and we love our cowboys and cowgirls so i was super excited to see this adorable image coming out may th from lili of the valley it is called "yeehaw" and is so very stinkin cute
but they are still there mr prime minister
“slow food aims to be everything fast food is not.”
the characters also are getting a makeover. while most of the specifics are still top secret lee says he worked with both staff and freelance artists to redesign costumes in a contemporary way as well as alter the physicality of many heroes and villains to modernize the dc universe.
sometimes my prayers are answered.
just eat your carrots someone might say
but they came. they dragged theirselves out of bed and they combed their hairs and warmed their cars and they mucked on over today to fix up our soldier babies.
and i relocate on boughs of hope
skydiving seems only to exist to answer the question ‘what does crapping your pants at feet feel like?’
you seem to love conversation especially the verbal duels between your protagonists and their snarky subordinates such as henghis hapthorn and his integrators and chesney and his demon in the damned busters. is that something you enjoy about your own books?
good morning and happy earth day this post is coming to you via auto post as i am out of town ). just wanted to make sure i was able to share with you my dt work for creative scrappers sketch which is being unveiled today
its not particularly important except to me as im excited about making a venue for myself to continue to explore why i find this manganime worldl so fascinating. some of it might bleed over here but only if it has a direct bearing on my novels (and yes manga has had an impact on no less than four of my five completed novels).
its raining cats and dogs and i wouldnt be surprised if it started raining turds soon meaning everyone is stuck indoors just like i have to be. usually i dont care about these sorts of things and dont think twice how the weather will affect other peoples day but since i have to stay home virtually all day and being bored out of my skull i started thinking about just that.
the days were stretching into an unnavigable maze of ennui. he spent most of his time walking the pedestrian rich streets of shedsug capital under the shadow of crepuscular hi and ticking off the times he saw the girloman standing on walkways lingering on the green spaces below trees or crouching over flower beds. frank stayed away from the business district and stuck to the less traveled avenues eschewing the raw hustle of the citys workforce that was stampeding itself through the day. he rarely went back to the rented room but occasionally he needed to synthesize more of the brew he subscribed to and sleep. a few hours rest was all he ever needed. as the days grew longer in tedium he tended to tune out turn off and just evaporate into his general surroundings.
unlimited (gbp – approx .aud) unlimited gets rid of the adverts and adds a radio option as well as giving you the option to use it abroad.
"there would be no recognition of the complementarity of male and female or that marriage is intended for the procreation and education of children" they wrote.
as david haye and dereck chisora turned a press conference centred around a boxing match into the precise opposite consternation and confusion reigned amongst the boxing elite.
reason why there were so many in the month of march was cuz i had to squeeze them in before april because of the a to z (yay) otherwise they wouldnt have been so close together. so sorry for making you chase me all around the internet lately. but i really appreciate everyone who has followed me to those blogs. really it means a lot. d
glamorous
but because of the weather it’s probably going to be postponed anyway.
i like booze and ive featured that subject time and again over the decades (you can see no fewer than seven of my paintings involving sweet sweet booze in this post about artevino) and i expect to return to it in the near future (possibly after my next big series which is currently in preproduction).
since i’d been tested and had a rabid reading habit of my own that allowed me to devour books in a very short time i was very advanced for being only years old. the school even said that if i’d had a better grasp of mathematics that they would have considered having me skip kindergarten and perhaps even st grade because i was already reading on a rd grade level. but my poor math skills kept me back and i hated the first day of kindergarten because it was nothing but recess all day. i was there to learn by god and all the playing was so boring and i couldn’t get over the other classmates who would cry and whine and need to be restrained as their parents left each day didn’t they realize that this was where you could learn more and be away from your parents and be who you wanted to be?
choice
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz…
according to the arrest report van wagner told police he was acting on a “fetish” and that he had been doing it for years in various locations. police noted they had a similar incident reported at sportsman’s park wednesday.
one day she was at a jewelry show and saw a former student also vending and at her booth she was selling those same distinctive beads shed been taught to make. the beadmaker was angry and upset and pulled all her similar beads from her table.
secondly i use the term done loosely only because there is a lot of knitpicky finish work to be done. the hardware would all be installed but the company we got our cabinets from needs to send us several new drawers due to differences in drawer height. those drawers are on their way this week thankfully. also we need to add the toe kick fill nail holes add trim pieces to the island and seal the marble back splash one more time.
“i want to raise the stakes.” he declares.
wouldn’t you?
one of the things i love on the coasts of the cornish landscape is the miniaturisation of everything. the thorn trees are small and windskewed. the blue scabious is just a few cms tall. wild thyme is tiny; the milkworts almost so small you barely see them.
“you whacked the teen that was on top of ralph with the plastic bat. both those teens were on you in seconds and they beat and kicked you mercilessly while little bigmouth ralph ran away.” piper let silence fall for a few moments as he considered the boy in front of him.
“but dele he is just a child” my mother would say
isn’t she just a doll how can some girls just be born with so much black hair? just like her mom and dad she has two big sisters and looks very similar to her sister that is closest to her in age. i took pictures of her on saturday afternoon with natural light but i rather take pictures earlier in the day as the sun isn’t as harsh and unpredictable. i have noticed a lot of variation in the pictures because of the light. i may just have to take a few more portraits so i feel totally satisfied…and sneak a few of her big sisters in too once again this brand newborn week old was checking out my camera even with the room heated her session made her hungry and wide awake in years to come better watch out dad the boys will be after her she already is such a cutie
first of all internet explorer
but my real reason for heading to india was as a gift to myself.
shred chicken & serve over rice
i am a simple woman with an open mind. if you are as kind as to be interested in what makes me tick i encourage you to read thishere blog...maybe comment. its always lovely to see the impact my creation has on others. other than that enjoy yourself for you are always welcome here. i am grateful for your presence. all my love guys
her twin tulips tipped crimson
we might even go and get a new toy for me at petsupermarket
is a hug so bad…(smiling)…if you have this awesome person hugging you for whatever the reason then what could be better? people tell me that it is a female thingok i am a female and with a nice mans arms wrapped arround me will you still say “oh its a female thing”? after all if i was not a redheaded female who has your attention and obviously you would be someone who has minewhy would we not be hugging? so just hug me and don’t talk…..
publisher hyperion books
i seriously feel like a weight was instantly lifted. since it was a quick clean up i was able to successfully tackle several other things on my list. it was a good afternoon. next up the terrifying hall closet.
. save the dates – have them printed addressed (myself) and sent off to wedding guests before this month is over b ok so i’ve only seen save the dates as a pdf but i was at the mercy of couple other people’s time that are just giving me their free time. i had all my parts done (how i wanted them to look a.k.a. my own design and samples of my handwriting) and hopefully i will have them very very soon i can’t wait for people to see them
see its all punk rock in the end.
and thank you so much for remembering and sharing such lovely awards with me.
a couple of weeks later i received a letter from marks agency thanking me and letting me know that they would like to work with me in the future. enclosed was a check for a thousand dollars from mark farner. he had been impressed by my attitude. i had not paid mark and his band and crew too much more than that to come to knoxville. mark had probably lost money on the venture as well. but of course there were the five people who came to christ that night.
coloured with prisma pencils which i blended with mineral spirits and as its cas i only added a few little dew drops to embellish.
some . million visitors spend $. billion in seattle and king county annually contributing $ million in state and local tax revenues. direct visitor spending benefits hotels retailers restaurants attractions transportation services and other businesses and supports jobs for more than people in the seattle region.
also like to act as senior public order or firearms commanders and critical incident managers. one of them will be “the dci” a senior detective responsible for all crime investigation locally.
this week seemed to drag on a lot longer than most since my man was in colorado for work. say it with me “boooooo”
the man comes around – johnny cash
we want you to go over and read the destructoid interview because they ask some great questions but we could not resist stealing
“amc’s original hit series mad men has become quite the talk around many marketing firms” (votral). and this is just one of the many ways the culture of mad men is still extremely relevant today. despite it being set half a century ago the problems encountered by the characters of mad men precisely parallel those which we encounter today. office romantic affairs husband and wife betrayal conflicting advertising agencies self centered human beings hiding homosexuality you name it. these are all major plot problems in the series and all of them are relevant problems to the lives of contemporary people as well. it might appear to be extreme; we may frown upon these people immensely but we are no different. we know this. that is why we love the show. it’s simple really.
wicked spirits
ill take a bear over a shark anyday
those first few days and nights were difficult for me.
and the note from henry the elf saying he made it especially for her.
so today is fathers day.....what a shitty day. last night i did not sleep like at all am rolled around and i was still awake. so i did have a small snooze and went to a family gathering. of which my oldest daughter did not attend. she hates me. all those years of jeff getting usp driving ashton to school at am cleaning up her puke when she was sick etcetc. jeff did all the things ferd would not. jeff stood up and took ferds place when ferd couldnt me man enough. only to have ashton turn around and demand his insurance number not even a happy fathers day. then i call to say sorry for somethings i said a few weeks ago and i get blasted. where is my daughter where is that wonderful caring girl i raised? when do i get her back. instead of this person who is totally brain washed by someone who really most her life didnt give a rip. if he really had cared then he would not have spent her childhood taking her to car shows and hanging with dope heads. he would have done kid things. but alas none of that matters because im an f***ing b***** who does not deserve to have children.
izzy cringed. so what if she stood only an inch taller than her little sister? she hated the word petite. it made her feel like a small dessert.
watched new years eve today which makes me pretty excited for new years i think my outfit is sorted now so thats good i feel like i should make some resolutions or something but i never stick to them have you got any?
my family and i drove to connecticut from fl for a vacation last december. while we were there we went poking around the goodwill outlet store and found this wooden chair for only $. (thats the price of a candy bar) i couldnt pass it up (along with some very vintage luggage) so our souvenir from our trip was this chair. and it sat in my craft room for long months before i even looked in its direction. until today.
dr. baskerville writes
writing is something i have always wanted to do—i wrote my first book when i was seven—but it wasn’t until i retired that i found the time to devote to it at a serious level. even then it wasn’t quite as simple as knocking off a book in one go for it took me over twenty drafts and
he bent down and pulled out the ring saying so fast the words all melted together into wilyamaryme?
this is one of the inner pages
the detritus and the dross each morning
i had to get creative with dinner the other night.
*gives the blogger logo an evil stare*
espresso syrup
as you read the cases below ask yourself would i award damages? some cases have been settled and some are still making their way through the courts. you will have to go to “the stella awards” and purchase their book to get all the outcomes.
sourdough chocolate chip pancakes
i’ve gotten in a rut with making the same old stuff and if i don’t like the idea of the old stuff then we starve. ok not really. we end up spending money on some soso take out. so i’ve been trying to find new dinner recipes.
me oh that will be so nice
last night felecia and i rinsed out our growler and walked to laurelwood in hopes of trying their fresh hopped kolsch. i read recently on a blog that now alludes me that guys at laurelwood drove south in the willamette valley and picked up a truckload of fresh hops which they rushed back to the brewery to transform into beer that very same day. this little story is very exciting for me and i longed to enjoy the exploits of their hops odyssey.
thanks again if you were in the audience i did speak to some of you but not all. it was a wonderful evening and if you couldn’t make it i hope this post gives you a feel for the night. i’m loving this salon malarky can you tell?
so when nadia and i started out this month we had thrown together a last minute idea hoping for the best. what we got was an overwhelming response and an indescribable group of women that have touched my heart in more ways than i can count. so overwhelming in fact that we actually have a few days scheduled in june to fill out the overflow
joe mcphee quartet legend street one
i couldnt figure out what was going on until i looked up bread and sugar on the internet. low and behold it brought forth the word candida. candida is a fungus and overgrowth of the bad yeast baceteria in and on the outside of our bodies. this bacteria is everywhere in the air we breath food we eat and etc. weve all got it lots of it. )
a simple one off cost of £ + vat (which is relevant for all paperback books with a black and white interior) if you require something different have a look at what else can you offer? (coming soon) or feel free to ask and a specific quote can be requested.
i also said goodbye to everyone at the branch
boo ive been a ghost lately but since its halloween i figured i should stop by and scare up some fun with these creepy cookies. these delectable digits may look ghastly but they really are freakishly good go ahead and give your guests the finger this halloween you wont regret it ; )
ian youre welcome. thanks for interviewing me.
jenni ok so it looks like youve been a part of etsy dallas for well maybe forever. wanna share anything about that?
i looked into this soooo many times i can not even count anymore i want to join so badly ive always found some "excuse" (house school job) that i couldnt thankfully i have many years ahead of me to do so since i have my degree in teaching (special and regular elementary) i think theyd accept me for teaching
of course we understand that western nations want to retain the nuclear advantage but as a nationalist i cannot fathom quite how you justify telling a sovereign nation "hey you will not make the educational technological financial and security developments that this technology brings becaude you are different to us and that scares us". this is in effect what is happening. what needs to happen is that the whole world needs to realise that nuclear technology is a global game changer and one heck of a planetary responsibility. nations who have it need to restrict the movement of the technology and nations that develop the technology need to be helped to face up to the responsibility that comes with it. without interfering i am sure that iran can be taught much for example about the containment transportation and ecological management of nuclear material. international mentoring on these and other non military issues would be helpful to everyone.
morris years ago was there a turning point (if not an epiphany) that set you on the career course you continue to follow? please explain.
if you haven’t been to teatro zinzanni the décor is impressive in its overthetop oldworld theatricality. equal parts cabaret gypsy tent and bordello (but in a grated kind of way in this context) you can easily imagine you’ve walked into the moulin rouge at the turn of the th century. moving from the lobby to the antique belgian spiegeltent that houses the main performance space it struck me that this could well be the grand ole opry of seattle’s kindiependent music scene.
means "im going to drink myself dangerously stupid and stand by a stream with a stick in my hand while the fish swim by in complete safety."
i suddenly realized today as i was visiting betsy veldmans blog that i didnt put her in the spotlight yet. *gasp* o.o what a weird oversight on my part when she is the papercrafter i want to be when i grow up ;d
only women have borderline personality disorder.
state police lt. paul vance said modisette simply secured the mare in heat to lead her back to the stable. a vet examined the horse and found only minor skin wounds. vance said police have not received a complaint against modisette in the past.
for tomorrow’s not guaranteed.
it’s currently noon on saturday march . we are supposed to be at the summit of wudangshan the last mountain peak and nearly the final leg of this journey with less than hours left before our scheduled return to beijing. after visiting two mountains and a national park all shrouded with thick clouds fog cool mist and rain obscuring what we can only imagine to be some magnificent views we have finally seen a break in the clouds. the weather outside is delightful degrees sunny clear skies with just a hint of a breeze perfect for scaling a mountain and taking in the landscape around you. yet we sit here in a hotel room writing rather than hiking our first full mountain here in china.
cut the roast in half. rub with salt pepper and garlic powder. place in bottom of qt. slow cooker. top with mushrooms and onion. combine spaghetti sauce with wine or broth and pour over top. cover and cook on low hours or until meat is tender. slice roast across grain and serve over pasta with pan juices. easy peasy lemon squeasy. just add a salad and a loaf of fresh crusty bread and youre good to go.
“the guy i was sitting beside he had the initiative to grab his camera out but he was shaking so much he had some trouble taking pictures so i did it.”
jesse spent days outside skinning boiling down fighting off the wasps spicing and boiling down some more to get three very large batches of ketchup. we figured the best way to celebrate all the labour was to trudge back out to the garden dig up some of our potatoes pull out the deep fryer and have a little party.
i thank you for stopping by make sure to visit all the rest of the design team for more looks at this new set. well see you tomorrow for another new marks finest paper stamp set. head off to see tangii now
brown sugar (around should suffice for mangoes; i prefer dark brown sugar)
. spraying a mist of perfect pearls
need to take a few days and catch my breath
paired with ommegang witte
this adds to my long lists of reservations about the bwa. does the booker board throw writs at bloggers who criticise its shortlists?
elon has done a good (if not great job) of setting big goals and meeting those goals by raising a ton of money and having a coherent master plan. the speed in which all of this has been done is truly remarkable. how was it done so quickly? in the linked article lambert says
i have to admit i was fairly stumped for a reply to this lament. i gave my head a good scratch in the hope of stimulating a few brain cells and then tried to extract myself from the role of counsellor. “i can see you’re very upset about this” i conceded “but why in the world would you come to me for advice? how could a gorilla possibly know what a human should do in such a situation?”
grayson didn’t answer right away. he was still thinking scheming. madeline’s letter was inconsequential. however the other held potential ruin. it wouldn’t do to have a letter from a priest confirming her marriage to valderas. legal or not a secret marriage would get tongues wagging her sympathizers questioning and give his political rivals ammunition to use against him.
once in a while if youre lucky you get to meet someone outside of your normal social sphere; someone who carelessly crushes all the criteria youve formulated for friendship.
san francisco rd th
first of all sorry all for not posting in a while (has it been over a month?). i’ve been busy with school an independent alternative energy project etc.
much has happened over these past three months.
fantasy dreams sdn bhd
while you may never receive forgiveness from the other
meanwhile for the third class passengers it was a counter productive lifestyle. it was so noticeable that titanic was made exclusively for the rich and famous that the atmosphere far below the first class deck was almost like a memorial park. nothing much was happening in the third class cabins. the women would usually retreat to their cabins after dinner and the men would normally hang out to play poker with cheap liquor by their side. that was as much fun they had. no one was willing to walk on the decks of the ship because it was extremely cold and piercing. everyone preferred to be tucked in and stayed warm.
my niece emily and her husband josh on their wedding day
to officially say "thank you" were having a small giveaway... well send one lucky reader the supplies to make a patterned paper wreath of their own a wreath form glue sticks lovely paper and an embellishment.
contributions will be accepted through mar here and the compilation will be available on mar. you would have my unending gratitude and thanks if you’re able to contribute in any way.
michael kors oversized runway watch in gold if you follow me on twitter or instagram you would know that i stalked this watch out because it was sold out for a while at nordstrom and michael kors. i have other michael kors watches and think they are a fantastic quality and durability. they are a bit pricey but they are beyond worth it. if you are a person who wears a watch every day like me you will get years of use from it. the style is a classic and i know i’ll be wearing it forever i have also been stacking different bracelets and bangles on my wrist with it a look that i also love
to fold me close and kiss me warm
. town of childrens blocks 
ill simply sleep in peace until you come to me.
 xenocide () by orson scott card
its amazing how our brain works. there really is no green dot and the pink ones really dont disappear. this should be proof enough we dont always see what we think we see.
“whaaat??” i replied.
accessories spellbinders labels picot edge circles pink cotton crochet lace handmade stick pin zva creative small pearl flourish prima burlap leaf paper roses recollections extra fine glitter in blush recollections ink and white half pearls
“in the sixth month god sent the angel gabriel to nazareth a town in galilee to a virgin pledged to be married to a man named joseph a descendant of david. the virgin’s name was mary. the angel went to her and said ‘greetings you who are highly favored the lord is with you… you will be with child and give birth to a son and you are to give him the name jesus.’”
while i love a chunky statement necklace i actually do wear delicate pieces around my neck sometimes as well believe it or not. heres proof...i bring you my outfit from monday
the frogs which come from the famous lake titicaca located at a high elevation in southern peru are taken out of a small aquarium killed by banging them against tiles skinned and dropped into a blender along with other ingredients including white bean broth honey raw aloe vera malt maca (an andean root also believed to boost stamina and sex drive) and sometimes even wine. this socalled “peruvian viagra” costs around $ but fans of the drink say it’s worth every penny for its tonic effect on the human body.

generations of ranching families the nation’s armed forces sovereign native nations and threatened and endangered species all depend on healthy intact large landscapes of the desert southwest. this landscape includes unfragmented open spaces significant perennial desert rivers and a rich and diverse assemblage of cultural resources.
hope to see you soon
the isis collar yes the cover is terrible and it’s the fourth book in a series but it had me at “magical zombie plague.” i might have to find the first three for this one.
carolyn ..
out of legislative seats up for election this year only will be on primary election ballots – house seats and eight senate seats. in all state representatives and five senators are running unopposed.
as far as im concerned the vest is cardiganlike enough to count as a sweater. so that puts my count at two completed (you may recall the lore hoodie as sweater number ) woohoo
illamasqua medium pencil in elate (as base)
 chili and pregnancy dont mix. the times we have had it i have gone to bed in tears because of the mass amount of stomach pain its caused.
left hand brewing milk stout nitro; little buddy tested little buddy approved
to school myself in the names of constellations
there are always interruptions and some are welcomed and some are not. the biggest thing that stops me from reading as much as id like would by my kids. the require attention and sometimes i just cant get enough of them cause they are too darn cute (one is five the other is and both are girls). right now i always feel like my life is full and im running very thin on time and energy. i have the kids and then family and my lovely blog which i do mostly at work (shhh dont tell anyone) and then i also do craft things through httpwww.swapbot.comand then there is the party planning right now for the kids birthdays. oh and i also take a cake decorating class once a week and that definitely takes up a lot of my time. and somewhere in between all that (and work also which we werent supposed to mention but i will because its been super busy there) i have to find time to read and of course sleep when i can. which usually isnt much.
making the list is one part but optimizing it is the most important thing. the sample grocery list i posted divides your shopping into important sections to help you make sure you get your groceries in an organized way because all of your fruits are together all your dairy is together etc. but everyone knows that going to the store with a list doesnt mean you arent going to pick up a few extras along the way too. a sale could be on and so you stock up on items you have a coupon that you need to use but forget it at the checkout and end up paying full price you have children and or a husband that likes to sneak things into your cart for you as you are checking out the bargains three feet away.
as many of you know i currently have what seems like a thousand collections going. i cant help it. therere just so many great cards magazines kicks and posters out there to collect. one of the first actions that got me back into the hobby several years back was the rediscovering of late s spx inserts. mainly the spx duo view hockey cards and spx pro motion basketball cards the spx cornerstones baseball cards and the and spx pro motion football cards. with the exception of the pro motion cards these sets are all very similar featuring cool die cut designs and crystal clear holograms. because of those design attributes ive always liked them.
as might be expected in a british western the attempt to recreate a western town in a studio leaves a little to be desired. nevertheless the production team did their best and gave us a set that is certainly adequate. unfortunately most of the american accents on offer are even less successful but this is doctor who.
our government has no money left to bail us out during the next recession. the government is overextended—if it was a business it would be bankrupt right now.
just to let you guys know i don’t care about politics. to me its as dividing as religion is. but i am an observer of human behavior and a humanitarian and through these articles i’m simply yet honestly commenting on what i’m living through and what i see. what i have experienced. so i will be mixing my film commnents with some real life stuff i’ve been seeing in my own country. so if you dont like talk of revolution and oppression and all that your welcome to tune out. but it is my hope that you will read this article and at the very least find it informative. plus ill be talking about various films that have a revolutionary vibe to them.
now add chopped onion and mix. if ajino motto is used add it and fry on high heat.
if that was the case one would have thought the least she might have done was give us a call (she has our email address and all our contact information is on the website) and leave a note on the door for her customers.
hope this past week was good for all of you.
eric got me a subscription to cooking light for my nook tablet. this chicken enchilada recipe was the first recipe that i tried from the magazine & it was very very tasty. i love recipes where you can do a lot of the prep ahead of time. i made the sauce & chicken in the morning & then assembled the enchiladas in the evening.
music politics and agency in the digital age east london
someone said to me today “happy mothers day girl i don’t know how you do it on your own through all that has happened and still keep smiling” … i said thank you i smiled and kept it moving but what i was thinking was … i do it because i have no other choice. i chose to have my son and whilst it wasn’t a decision i made alone when i agreed to have my son i promised to love him look after him and nurture him for the rest of my life… that promise i will never break. wherever my son is is home to me. wherever my son needs me to be is where i will be. when he’s sick i’m there happy i’m there says his first word rolls over discovers he likes a new food … i will be there every step of the way because he is my baby my world and i will never let him down.
look. i don’t hate fred (uncle saul is a moron and jeff makes my skin crawl). but the reality is they are financiers who have many different facets of their company and we wouldn’t give a damn about them if they didn’t own the baseball team we all love. what gets me is just how disingenuous they are. normally a team’s fan base doesn’t really care about the owner unless they are incompetent (or in the texas rangers’ case a former major leaguer baseball hall of famer and legend or blow hardesque like the steinbrenner family). if they just sign the checks and shut the hell up no one would say a word. but as metstradamus once said garbage rolls from uphill and at the hill of everything wrong with the mets is the ownership.
rantin had to walk something back the other day he suggested in considering the military budget that the generals werent being honest in what they were saying about the budget. he had to walk that back real quick. rantin said that what he really meant was that obama had announced that there was going to be $ billion in cuts over years it was actually $ billion but close enough and that the pentagon had to form the strategy meet that figure. he said it should have been the other way around. that is the pentagon unlike any other agency of the federal government should have been able to say "this is what we want and you are going to have to come up with however much money its going to take to do that."
general information billy taylor @ () .
annie hall
one night sherri and jeff called us to invite us out to dinner what a delightful surprise we went to tickles a restaurant at crown marina. tickles is a nice little restaurant with very good food. the atmosphere is friendly with equal share of locals and "yatchies". we had a wonderful time with sherri and jeff. they told us more about themselves great stories about st. thomas when jeff was growing up there and sherris stories of arriving there as a young woman from upstate new york. the evening flew by quicklyand it was so nice to feel like one of the "locals". sherri and jeff are a fantastic couplevery down to earth and funny we could not ask for a better end to the most excellent vacation that we have had in a very long time
let’s say the trip will “cost” you $ if driving your own car (about miles total at irs allowable . cents per mile). the reality is that you might spend nothing to drive your car on this trip.
next week besides the “me” things i have planned i will be getting everything ready for your birthday party. it’s going to be a lot of fun and i am looking very forward to celebrating you. that reminds me i need to call about getting enough balloons for your balloon release
from the story
wander around your apartment in your underwear. or if you’re feeling ‘ballsy’ completely naked your girlfriend was the one who always wanted you to “put some clothes on for god’s sake.” you thought that was counterproductive–she was just going to take them off anyway well now’s your chance to feel those hardtoreach spots get caressed by the winds of freedom rather than by someone who demands you come to every single one of her interpretive dance recitals.
rinse greens underwater in a deep sink if possible allowing grit to settle to bottom. remove greens and drain water rinsing away the grit. repeat until no trace of grit remains. remove the thick stems and discard any blemished leaves. rough chop collards and put aside.
the dull boom that followed was inaudible to him in his soundproof compartment but he felt the quick tug as the four great cables parted. then all sensation of motion vanished as the balloon shot upward into the resistless atmosphere.
hard to find or different chocolates cookies or some wine from a certain region are always wonderful.
one of the many perks we get as stampin up demos is to receive a copy of the impressions magazine every month. this is packed full of information ideas and inspirational projects. my july class was inspired by one of the cards shown in the magazine a few months back. it used some of the botanical gazette dsp as the background layer. i wanted to design a class that used bleach stamping and thought it would fit in perfectly with this so instead of using the designer series paper we bleached the backgrounds o)
be sure to stop by again tomorrow for a project featuring this lovely carnation
whatever nersa decides is appropriate for eskom ethekwini ratepayers will face the parastatals tariff hike followed by the municipal increase.
pfffft.
which leads me to another thing. right now the only place i write is in my (often dark and cold) bedroom on my desktop computer. thats it. i dont have a laptop and the only time i can ever bring myself to write with pen and paper is when im writing poems. otherwise i get way too frustrated at the slowness and handcramping plus id have to then transcribe it onto the computer. *shudders in horror* so ive been looking seriously into getting a laptop and thus being able to write in the rest of the house outside in the sunshine in cafes when im traveling...
‘the bank of israel will begin today a pilot program to invest a portion of its foreign currency reserves in u.s. equities.
in other news i have decided to clear the decks at black & spiro so im having an exciting online pink tag sale here on the blog early next week which should be lots of fun. i am such a hoarder so its time to move some things on and make some space for the new things i will be purchasing on an upcoming overseas buying trip.
this is the th birthday of englands greatest storyteller so how does the state broadcasting corporation celebrate this anniversary? with a desecration of great expectations so unholy that south parks own version was more faithful to the spirit of the original.
join your fellow adventurers for a late morning tour of the castle grounds and then spend a leisurely day at dromoland castle enjoying one of several optional activities the hotel has to offer.a night in county clare
“our youngest boy is leaving home apprenticing out to one of his uncles in the harrow shipyard” aurelius began. “he sets sail in a fortnight.”
more than hills to ski
because it trades like a stock an etf does not have its net asset value (nav) calculated every day like a mutual fund does.
. friends
this is a quick easy recipe of a veggie puffed pie which is crispycrunchyspicy and yummy.........its the best finger food.good for party time....a easy holiday food.i assure you friends you will not be disappointed.....it give the same taste as a deep fried dish.the same way you can prepare smaosas also.so this will be a best way to eat the same tasty food without deep fry.
) beat congealed brown butter bourbon and sugars with an electric mixer until fluffy about minutes. add eggs one at a time beating well after each addition. beat in vanilla. with mixer on low speed add flour mixture and mix until just incorporated.
the best you can do is hope for the best and contact local people long before you get there to ask for their advice and support. when we took our show on the road on cape york peninsula in october we were blown away by the kindness and encouragement the locals gave us.
there was also one lovely person that i don’t know (at least by their amazon.com name) that left reviews on all three of the ebooks yesterday. when i woke up and saw this i literally teared up. so thank you from the bottom of my heart the top of it and everywhere in between. you have no idea what reviews mean for indie authors. (or maybe you do… i’m not sure.)
paper ginak heavy base weight white designer paper basic grey eskimo kisses
jared loughner was a liberal.
 large cloves garlic minced
“i think i’m staying in.”
in much the same way a mother recognizes her young the world recognizes those who belong to it. does a mother cow accept a puppy? does a kitten find a home with a dog? the same is true of those who have accepted jesus christ as their personal lord and savior. they will not be accepted by the world they may face rejection and tribulation for they have in essence turned their backs on the ways of the world and have focused on the ways of god.
"im interested in writing a book set in the john carter of mars universe created by edgar rice burroughs. the first four books of the mars series were published in the us prior to so i believe im in the clear from a copyright perspective to put the book up for sale in the u.s. burroughs died in so the the remainder of his the books in the series arent in the public domain globally until at the earliest.
it seemed so natural to have brielle here that first night. we showed her her room introduced her to leila and let her play with her sisters. she is sleeping in a pack n play in our room. the first two nights the girls slept in our bed too...which probably didnt help the jetlag nothing like having a snack and singing ringing around the rosie at am. )
i wrote it on parchment using my calligraphy pens rolled it up and tied it with a red ribbon. and yes i gave it to him.
i made a lap quilt for my husband with a bold monkey wrench on one side (purple orange and lime green) and a simple framedsquare pattern on the reverse with lots of dark blues and greens in case the mw side was too wild for him. turns out he likes the bright bold side better.
grand street cafe pm boulevard beer dinner grand st. cafe is hosting its th annual boulevard beer dinner. the fourcourse meal eloquently pairs boulevard beers with mouthwatering dishes. the cost is $ per person and seats are limited so we suggest you secure yours today by calling ...
animal activists should have their paws up in outrage
body image here things diverge a little – i’m feeling better about my body all the time my wife not as much and hers yells nasty things at her but i think she looks killer hot even if she doesn’t believe that.
dwight waldo (born september ) was an american political scientist. he made a great impact in modern public administration. his most influential work was the administrative state which was published in . he was the vicepresident () then later president () of the national association of schools of public affairs and administration. his other professional leadership positions have included the vice presidency of the american political science association () editorinchief of the public administration review () and the vice presidency of the american society for public administration ().
q besides blogging are you also on facebook? if no what other social online communities are you a part of?
songkran thai new year festival
lovelaurenxx
prepare pie crust. mix eggs and cream until velvety. add cheese. chop knotweed into inch long pieces. arrange over pie crust. pour the egg mixture and bake at a to f oven.
mystery shopping
this author really did write a book that understood teen perfectly. she wrote a fun book that deals with the fears and insecurities of christian teen girls. will that push this book onto my favorite list? probably not. it did make it onto my keeper list though. it also made me look forward to her next book starring me with kara as the main character.
always in control you let no one near
we will most likely pay for having this mild winter weather and no rain
that’s when i stopped keeping score.
in reference to the baby’s sex we did make the decision on both our boy and girl names. if indeed baby is a girl she will be morgan kaye. a little boy jenkins will be cade matthew. we decided on both and interestingly each has a welsh origin so they compliment the jenkins heritage nicely.
slow sips everyone i thought. slow sips...
ill stop reading your novel too if i see "flaxen haired beauty" or "raven tresses" or "buxom beauty" and youre not being satirical or ironic.
canon compact camera and mini tripod (optional)
furthermore i got really constipated postpartum . . . next time i am going to eat prunes or be otherwise more proactive to preventeal with that . . .
after the reenactment we watched a short school house rock video "no more king." finally we made a taxes foldable. at this point the students were really interested in finding out about the real taxes the colonists were expected to pay. we even learned about the sons of liberty and they decided they supported them. i made the tax collectors wear gloves so i could redistribute the m&ms at the end of the lesson. they were so relieved to find out their candy was being returned to them. i dont think this is a history lesson they will soon forget and that truly is classroom magic
mccraw also told the committee the department of public safety will be down to vacancies after its next recruiting class down from right now. he said the biggest problem was recruitment with low wages compared to other law enforcement agencies like austin or plano.
so week two of the fashion course has come and gone and things are happily getting under way. pattern pieces (i.e. clothing jigsaw pieces as i am currently liking to view them) have been drawn and are set to be laid and cut out on fabric.
to use this keypad is very easy if you haven’t already done so download the numeric keypad arduino library from here copy the “keypad” folder into your ..rduinoxibraries folder then restart the arduino ide.
he passes out and wakes up in the womans apartment. she asks him about his journals which shes been reading. she also asks why he fainted and he tells her lack of sunlight depleted him of vitamins c and e. she tells him that the bathroom door doesnt lock but warns him not to get any "bright ideas" before she visits the bathroom. he does however get a "bright idea." and rushes into the bathroom while shes on the toilet attempting to take her by force. he asks "can fifteen years of imaginary training be put to use?" she hits him in the head with the handle of a knife shes holding and he remarks "it cant." he starts getting ready to go and apologizes to her. she tells him she understands and she likes him. she tells him "you dont even know who i am im mido. youll see. later on when im really ready i swear that i will do it i promise" she tells him she knew there was something she liked about him from the moment she saw him and tells him the next time even if she resists to go ahead and take her anyway.
. for the brownie mixture in a small saucepan melt the dark chocolate with the tablespoons of butter while stirring over low heat until smooth. set aside to cool slightly.
but hey i was feeling pretty selfish. so i got online grabbed a hold of her and said she had to pray with me. that she had to try and that doing it out loud was a token to me not even to god and that he knew her silent prayer but i didn’t. i was at a point of need. so could we please do that? you know – you get the point. i repeat myself generally but i think this time you got it.
”we let a lot of houses fall in” dr. pilkey said. ”i’m proud of that.” but houses threatened here and there are not the truest test of whether a state’s politicians can withstand pressure for stabilization he said.
next time
a b named “the witchcraft”
johnny betty and baby oregon lived on a huge chunk of land in a house bigger than my school.
this was part of a comment i recently received. throughout history christians of all traditions have repeatedly used the bible to support doctrinal positions they believed to be “as plain as the nose on your face” but that they later had to confess to be mistaken. the doctrine of those who read their antigay presuppositions into the creation narrative of genesis – or into other biblical texts – is believed to be only the most recent doctrinal position well on the way to being generally acknowledged as a mistake of this kind.
what the hand dare seize the fire?
favorite other things the olloclip instagram &adime the con co stitcher comiccon seeing godspeed you black emperor disneyland shows at small places walking clarks weaver low friends family youth.
update as this is my most popular post i thought i would update it with more photographs that seem to titillate.
we have frequently to lament the loss of records which might preserve the particular virtues and actions of individuals for the edification and emulation of all true christians. as noticeable throughout all the previous volumes of this work with the most earnest desire to render its several articles more complete documentary or traditional materials are not accessible to rescue from obscurity the earthly career of so many among the children of light. merely to learn their names—sometimes also those of their old places—and to know that they had lived are all that can now be ascertained.
let me offer you a few examples of some photoshoots and ads that i’ve found so you can see what i’m talking about.
the ooh la frou frou collection card line
thats all for now.
whenever i went up to water them it cracked me up. paperwhites sunning themselves in the kennedy suite ready for room service.
where they stand ojos number one goal for is to break ground in a facility. fortunately he is moving along and has begun making offers on properties. he hopes that as things continue to move and get streamlined he may be able to open in late or early . however between now and then he intends to find opportunities to share my beer with friends and the community.
about or years ago i came up with the idea of getting brave and just doing “one gutsy thing”…when i was nervous or worried about doing something new or unfamiliar.
first we must understand why personal change is just so difficult in the first place. according to brain researcher and author of personality decision and behavior gerhard roth of the university of bremen in germany “the brain is always trying to automate things and to create habits which it imbues with feelings of pleasure. holding to the tried and true gives us a feeling of security safety and competence while at the same time reducing our fear of the future and of failure.”[i] seems to make sense doesn’t it? habits make us feel secure safe and competent. if we feel this way we are less likely to fail to mess up to challenge ourselves or others. who doesn’t want to feel comfortable? who wants to fail? not many us.
holidays are full of traditions… and in the camerino family we’ve got a few old oldies but goodies.
when she learned i did.
to make the vinaigrette simmer the pom wonderful over medium heat until it simmers thickening to about cup (about minutes). whisk together the pomegranate juice vinegar mustard honey salt and pepper in a medium bowl. slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. set aside.
similarly caroline de lazzer coach of the uae women’s jiujitsu team is taking a stand against regulations that prohibit women from participating in international competitions while wearing the hijab the national reports.
nick griffin leader of the farright party indicated yesterday that the bnp would accept members of different ethnicities for the first time blaming britain’s “undemocratic orwellian equality laws”.
today i decided to sleep in and avoid the cold which forced me to go to the gym to get my run in for the free childcare...... see this year no excuses i felt great today and took it easy. i was huffing and puffing on tuesday less on thursday and almost not at all today until i was at . miles.
you wanna show the world but no one knows your name yet
no this is not a paid advertisement but if theodore alexander wanted to send one or two of these my way i wouldnt argue
is a commonly asked question here at country
the memorandum of understanding signed in pinksy responded “assumed taxexempt financing provided through the state.” (so did the general project plan approved in .) “in terms of additional assistance we all know that we’re operating in a difficult economic and financial environment. the nets—forest city ratner has made clear to us that that’s having impacts on their project. they have not made specific requests for additional financial assistance.”
is it obvious to state that these cookies are really really good? the almond butter biscuits are crispy and delicate almost lacy and not too sweet embracing an oozy syrupy center that creates that fine balance between the inside and out.
if these probation conditions are not met judges can send offenders directly to prison with no further appeal. by the way probationers also pay mandatory fees each month to the state and they pay taxes on their earnings.
* the queens general court house at sutphin boulevard in jamaica has been featured in “bonfire of the vanities” “leaving las vegas” and other films. designed in the modern classic style the sevenstory courthouse was completed in .
kraft coffee bag
might i suggest that our sisterhood resist wars declaring our intent for a higher level of understanding and inclusion? or maybe we all could do without televisions?
the good can help. the bad will not or if they do they “help” only to betray.
david morden and joseph mcgrath in shipwrecked
this film really deserves to be distributed and shown widely as it offers a sympathetic vision of a truly innovative artist. if you get to see it you will have a rare treat.
since it is kind of hard to read the recipe from the card here it goes
i wish i didn’t get so caught up in moments. i act on instinct. i don’t always think before i speak. i never used to be like this everything used to feel so much more lighthearted and relaxed i used to be the one cheering people up making the most of a bad time looking on the bright side. it feels like it’s just me but i’m not sure it is i think it’s a lot of people. i want to run far far away from this place again and start a fresh. maybe its just today. i just want everything to be ok.
. it refreshes and satisfies as does a well spring genuinely
else sings along.
this book is highly rated people loved this book i just wasn’t one of them. i posed the question is it still a good book if its well written but hate the cast? some of my friends said yes with the exception of one (who i kind of agree with). here’s another way to look at it i’m going to take you to a place these guys have some wonderful stories and they are convicted thieves conartists rapists and murderers. it’s at a prison would you still want to go? now the book isn’t a prison but it is a good story of thieves conartists rapists and murderers.
i celebrated my mothers day early with a surprise visit from my son and daughterinlaw and lunch out last week. my trip to massachusetts last week was my annual mothers day weekend with my girls.
the comforts of your living
run dmc & jason nevins it’s like that us
“we take care of out own” appears to be sending a similar message. while the track is charged with phrases associated with american patriotism (“the bugle blown” “the work that will set my hands free my soul free” “sea to shinning sea” and “wherever this flag’s flown”) bruce is telling us that these phrases stand on hallow ground. they’re claims not realities.
in the near future with structural risks that cannot be fully mitigated uncertain cost savings and a multitude of components to manage (people process and knowledge) outsourcing will likely lose luster for large organizations.
the cost to the jewish military was low. it was a buyers market with war surplus material cached in about twenty countries. until rothschild interceded the only buyers not allowed into the market were zionists. czech rifles machineguns and ammunition were bought and smuggled into palestine in march by merchant ships despite a naval blockade.
for example the pig first looked like a gynoïd of hajime sorayama (this picture is an homage to him). i shared the first version and people on my blog and facebook gave me their opinions. i finaly changed my mind for a more organic version. its good to have critics during your process. thanks technology ...
now youll understand why ive been absent from the land of blog for a while and apologies to all my blog mates for not visiting.
it doesnt get more allamerican than small town celebrations. it also doesnt get more allamerican than a couple of garden creations i canned up this year homemade ketchup and dill pickle relish. facing baskets and baskets of tomatoes to use i added homemade ketchup to my tomato repertoire. a friend dropping off a black trash bag full of various sizes of cucumbers led to a day of pickle making and some jars of dill pickle relish. its been a busy canning year for me and my pantry shelves will soon be full of lots of allamerican staples for winter.
i could barely took the final product pictures and i wanted to add some frosting on top but everybody was hungry and they ate them just like that but i can proudly say that they loved them and there are no muffins left.
boil potato until it turn soft. remove skin and cut into bite sizes. then put the potato aside.
over players who made an appearance in one game paciorek is the best.
her smile dies in still birth
disdain them break them throw them by
nagc annual awards. each year at its annual conference nagc presents a variety of awards. the nomination process for the awards closes on may . award categories include those for educators researchers scholars advocates and those who otherwise serve the gifted community. find out more.
physical education
although not invited to any halloween dos per se. i am off to a rather exciting launch party on the th at the magnificent fetcham park hmm perhaps i could have a little fun?
and a dejected air.
of course there were slot machines at the bar and we still had money in our pockets so we gambled a bit. hubby asked for my last five dollars and after i gave in i continued sipping my drink. just seconds later i heard “we’re done here.” my first thought was you already lost it all. then i looked over and saw numbers flying upwards. “omg how much did you win?” “$ which just paid for all our evening’s entertainment.” we cashed out and ran for the door. like i said we’re not gamblers.
most beautiful this is a tough one to start with. im not sure that anything i write is "beautiful". still if anything comes close to it i suspect it must be this moments in a life welllived the eulogy i delivered at my grandfathers funeral.
) turn over the back piece and sew a brooch clasp in place with a double thickness of matching thread. if youre using a safety pin use an extra bit of felt to sew it in place (see the end of this tutorial for more info on how to do this).
i talked tani across the campus though the park and down the big stone steps where we reunited at last. “i don’t care if you’re mad at me” he smiled “i’m so happy i got to see this.” his eyes danced as he recalled the school’s square and admired the park’s sloping stonework. “let’s come back here sometime” he added. i kissed him and said “i’m not mad at all baby i’m just glad i found you.”
high school level xi though level xv.
for this attempt at a table beer i decided to use millet as my adjunct grain. when i was looking for exotic grains this was the only thing that i could find easily. ive had millet a few times at ethnic restaurants and i wasnt really ever that impressed. it was always a slightly nutty mush pile that in my opinion need a bit of texture to make it worth eating. somehow though i have a feeling that it will work in beer much better though. to try and help that along i decided to pan toast the millet until became fragrant and started popping. im hoping this will help to bring out the nutty flavors in the beer. strangely thought toasting the millet didnt result in much color development.
the weakest students found it all too much. who was this bloke in the gown reading one page after another in this measured tone going on and on about things that were too hard to understand? why spend time reading a hymn sung by the brahmins to frogs?
lets turn it around. would you like to spend hours in home depot while checking out plumbing equipment? comparing horsepower on riding mowers? drooling over cordless power tools? of course you wouldnt stop torturing your men
restraint from simile.
i have to admit that im really bad with holidays mainly holidays that we dont celebrate back home. i just dont memorise these dates and i know they are coming only when i get an invitation to go to my kids school for celebration. with mothers day this year happened the same thing.
if you looked up above st pauls cathedral in the early afternoon of the th november you could have counted at least three helicopters. their deafening spiralling nearly drowns out what is happening below. theyre the result of the ruthless overpolicing of the slight return of last winters student protests currently marching nearby in moorgate. this made the th a perfect day to explore this neurotically protected citadel of undead financial capitalism. encircling st pauls is paternoster square or more specifically juxon house a nasty vegas via eur via duchy of cornwall neoclassical superblock. in the last decade of pseudomodernism this development has always stuck out for its kitsch revanchism bolting onto itself wrens temple bar retrieving it from a garden in enfield and plonking it a long way from the temple itself. theres a ghost of a town planning idea in these rossigoestoreading banks and offices in the way they enclose the great dome with a series of narrow byways. nonetheless this has long been one of st century londons most depressing smugly jolly spaces. not now though.
you are such a fun boy to be around and i am glad you are my nephew.
moves like a mirage
**in my defense…trident gum is sugarfree lol***
the middle one is the reverse side of them. im thinking maybe pink ones or something now........
monday th march
just in case you ever wondered. )
“i have done the dining experience twice at disney. both times i went online and reserved my ticket. this was nice because you chose the seat you will be sitting in.
whatever happened to this form of rehabilitation? roman emperors and medieval kings were banishing people all the time. the vast empty spaces of greenland cry out for penitent humans to build igloos pull sleds and feed the hungry polar bears.
it carried such british royal sting.
julia louisdreyfus – elaine benes
i’m a sucker for quiche. i love it – it’s cheesy and filled with delicious vegetables but i have a special spot in my heart reserved for quiche lorraine. that’s because it has bacon in it.
as you breatheout envision brandon jason juan and peter
split whe spirit animals " crafty records
. ignore that door
usually it takes some work to convince me to arrest a person for misdemeanors on a holiday but he managed. he got locked up for crossing a police line and his wife who doesn’t drive was taken to the nearby hospital by one of my officers. (hey i’m not a total meanie…although i did tell the officer to drop her off where everyone could see.)
there are those who would be dismissive of the things that he has to say but as was commented by the hosts of the article linked to above
illustrated by heavy metallurgist and concept artist dave l. johnson im happy to say that this sadistic little creep is everything i could hope for. we should be seeing a lot more from dave in the future as his fevered imagination has few parallels when it comes to monster design.
step soak the lotus seeds in water in a big bowl for a few hours.
a device that slaps me every time i chew on my sweatshirt strings. it is so gross and yet i cannot stop.
as you know katie got her amazing voice from her mom. when jill was ten years old she was asked to sing o holy night for the christmas eve service at her church. just like katie she had a spectacular voice for someone so young and she brought the congregation to their knees with her emotionally stirring performance. after that first time it became an annual tradition repeated every year for the rest of her life.
hi everyone so while i was just taking a break from writing my horribly long exam review i was thinking to myself how i am kind of impressed with how fast i have been typing my notes as i read my text book and with relatively few errors it made me want to find a words per minute test online to see what my actual wpm count is and how accurate i am. well it only took about seconds to find this easy wpm test
i was going to tell you that i cling to the rules as a necessity but i don’t really. i don’t need to as at least one or two of them visits me each day in my thoughts unbidden. they are becoming ave become part of that internal voice i have the calm one that knows what to do.
the weekly shot of beauty actually comes from the k angels among us run that i participated in on saturday. this was my first real k and my second real race. on thanksgiving last year i ran in an k “turkey trot” along with my sister which was a blast anyway angels among us held their race on the west campus of duke university which was fitting for me to say the least. one of the reasons i chose duke was for the amazing architecture and the beauty of the campus. i love being on campus and running through the campus was a great experience. as far as duke architecture goes i don’t believe there is any more iconic shot than that of duke chapel’s tower as seen from the aptly named chapel drive. the race took us on chapel drive around the two mile mark and i couldn’t resist digging my phone out of my pocket to snag a picture. so here it is without further ado the weekly shot of beauty.
in the backyard a pool was ready for neighborhood kids — both black and white — who he said loved to come over after school for a swim. mr. neesmith a former school bus driver and his late wife had been foster parents to dozens of children.
catch you later..............
what was the last life insurance policy you sold? in this environment probably a good number of financial professionals would say a universal life (ul) policy with a guaranteed death benefit. if that was your answer the next question is was nolapse ul the only product considered? if yes you may want to consider additional product options for planning flexibility and to avoid limiting your clients’ options.
 interest
happy leap year day today is the day....in celebration of leap your i am joining the blog hop giveaway over at such a sew and sew.
back to ‘reality’ it is the breadandbutter car that most of us would be most concerned so as to speak and if the electricpowered variant would serve as an alternative.
i love using indian tiffins to entertain and even to take camping. tiffins are dishwasher proof freezer proof and can even be used to cook in an over or on a stove.
‘i made it look like autoerotic asphyxiation though of course it was hushed up. hoover’s death was officially attributed to a heart attack. he had high blood pressure. there was no autopsy of course. tolson saw to that.
i suppose you could read the poem on the page. it’s a pretty bad poem full of awkward phrases. i regret even writing it on the page now but it’s done in paint and there’s no going back. the ending is the worst. i think i was too tired to make a coherent ending. it was written for a creative writing class and it was sort of inspired (well now i think a lot of the page is inspired) by jean micheal basquiat. httpbasquiat.comexcept basquiat could draw crazy words everywhere and it would make sense. i just made a mess except with numbers and calculus.
i’m sure there will be all sorts of arguments to the contrary humans are sinful we don’t make things holy we foul things up moses was a sinner only god is holy. yeah. sure. right. ok. i’m not going to win a theological argument by proposing that it was moses not god who made the earth holy by his presence by simply standing in a place where sheep likely urinated the day before. on the other hand who is going to prove me wrong?
c&d cease and desist letters. when the copyright owner requests you stop.
 n. sixth street
or like the rainbows lovely form
i smiled. herbie and huey had been the only two to stay on home turf. the rest of us had deserted the neighbourhood our past and the silent grey wall that divided our rooftops.
i went ahead and took mr. g to a free lesson anyway since he wanted to join so badly and besides physical exercise and learning to defend yourself was not a bad thing.
the same man who raped was also a kind father who loved to take his daughter hiking in the woods and look for chantarelles. he always knew where to find the treasures he always “gave them” to me. his greatest joy was to sit and watch me go bananas in joy and picking all of them.
hackackette in the u.k. a journalist male or female
but if you haven’t got a clue
goal
pour all ingredients into a large container grate soap and mix. super easy luckily when i was grating soap my husband was home and took over doing one which was nice since you get a bit of an arm workout)
the island has been really breezy the past couple of days but the drum like the water stirred up and dirty for the most part. we have reports of red drum ″ to ″ caught along the beach on cut bait and shrimp. we also have reports of sea mullets pufferfish and bluefish one to two pounds.
if i blog about home and family and decorating and hospitality but spend so much time focusing on my blog and what to blog about that my home family friends ministry and personal creativity suffer as a result what does that say about me? about my priorities? i certainly cant write a post inspiring you to make a welcoming home if im too burnt out from time on my computer editing words and pictures to make my own home a welcoming place to be.
netii pot – if you have not tried one of these it may seem weird at first but once you get used to it it will become normal. my two oldest will go use the neti pot on their own. we just put a pinch of natural salt in warm water the irrigation of your nasal cavities really helps to get everything cleared out.
i allowed myself my one binge and purge today. i ate a hamburger (bread cheese burger lettuce mayonnaise ketchupall except the lettuce are normally nonos for me) and greasy french fries (a huge nono on a regular basis). i ran to the bathroom in the back turned on the fan and threw my brains up. no blood this time but i’m not sure if that’s a good thing or not. i still regularly see blood in my vomit.
fox news channel wed. jan. (really tuesday evening) host trace gallagher and martha mccallum am to am once or twice each hour during that twohour segment. while this is late it should be a lot of fun inauguration trivia inaugural balls etc.
the orangutan project is involved in rescuing injured orangutans and requires staff anesthetics medical supplies and transport equipment.
velvet cockade brooch morrigan nyc
four nominations from one book the jury added two titles to this category. id guess at elizabeth hand and lavie tidhar but i could be completely wrong. im reading gorel now and its very good but havent read any of the others.
doesn’t matter anyway because when the train stops in front of a bunch of armed police looking for shu yahiro shoves him off in what was the bestunniest part of the episode
it was a fun time i met some new friends a couple of young girls whose enthusiasm made all of us happy and who made sure every kid got everything signed that they wanted signed by climbing over the glass and screaming at the hockey players who were happy to oblige
and all that is required is money and positions i believe that tan sri abdullah ahmad is admitting that the organizational culture of umno has always been money orientated and in his own peculiar way is confirming that the soothsayer’s warning of the ides of march should be taken seriously – that there will be a coup in umno post the th general election.
…and so the awful realization gradually takes hold. he has been wrong. completely utterly wrong. his is a false gospel. years of bible study and it has ended today in failure. unspoken the truth seeps through the room. “a little soup harold?” asks his wife. he is suddenly very very old.
to casual observation the illusion is undetectable but if someone examines it then they may make a notice roll to realize that something is off. on a raise they instantly realize theyre looking at some sort of phantasm. minor illusions are purely visual and cannot create sounds vibrations scents or a sensation of temperature.
b she had pants and a very big bra
i wont judge if you skip it
embellishmentsribbondie cut easter eggsmall purple pearls
they sipped. it was the strongest cognac the sweetest.
meanwhile frank is having his weekend alone. i am sure hes enjoying every minute of it
)regional organisers can only be dismissed by the members of that region or by the advisory council.
and i was all "no you arent."
despite the fact that mary shelly made it clear that the title of her novel frankenstein; or the modern prometheus was a reference to victor frankenstein the young inventor a long series of hollywood movies has left the impression that frankenstein is the name of the monster victor created from the parts of dead criminals and animated with a lightning bolt.
i may die of bird flu.
i am excited that our family is finding a new routine from what we are used to and all this recent change may just become our new normal because i think were getting pretty good at it. we are doing well at adapting and making do with our situations. my husband and i took a leap of faith (some may call irresponsibility were calling it a leap of faith) and he quit his job. he has an interview in the morning and we are very hopeful that this will allow us the opportunity to spend more family time together and have our saturdays together again as well.
it was a little milky.
we also see balarama delighted with the valour of abhimanyu and saying that he is equal in valour to all the pandavas.
my parents came to california from mississippi. my mother arrived along with her three sisters during world war ii. my father came after serving in the army. my parents had been sweethearts in mississippi. though he always said he intended to move to seattle i know my father came to california for my mother. they were married shortly after his arrival.
please mr tooth make an appearance soon thank you.
what do you get when you cross a crocodile and a rooster? crocodoodledoo.
the reason why i am ranting a bit about this is because last night my boyfriend and i spent our twoyear anniversary watching a really excellent st. louis cardinals game at busch stadium and this guy several rows in front of us was determined to stand up during play and try to convince our section to start the wave. he was unsuccessful but later in the game the wave inevitably started up somewhere and this kid turned to us with a smug look on his face as if to say “see isn’t this fun?” no. it wasn’t.
the issue of bride trafficking is full of misconceptions. mainstream media and academia see this as a result of declining sex ratio in north india. it is true that declining sexratio is a pushing factor for this but not a lone factor. we have eighty years old known history of this practice in india.
katie was only years old when her father was killed in a car accident. that was years ago today. she remembers the accident and she still has nightmares about it sometimes but she doesnt remember very much about her father. jill always tried to keep his memory alive in her and since taking her into our family jenny and i have tried our best to do the same. but time has taken its toll. to katie her father has become little more than a distant shadow of a man she once knew and some faded pictures in an old photo album.
so today i treated myself to things i have never done before. a manicure and a pedicure. also i got my eyebrows professionally done (which i have never done before either… and i have always hated my eyebrows). and let me tell you… i do not know why it took me so long to get this done manicures and pedicures are absolutely amazing. my hands are so soft and i seriously almost fell asleep in the massage chair when the amazing girl was doing my feet. it was so relaxing… and i think what made it even more awesome was the fact that i knew i deserved it. i have lost pounds (i was down another pound this morning). pounds. on my own. no magical pill. no weight watchers (not against weight watchers whatsoever… i am just stating i am doing it without it). that is a pretty amazing feat. i am running. i am working out. i am eating right. and i deserve to treat myself.
 phoenix az tba
so a little background about me…i am a mother to wonderful sons aged and i am a full time mother at the moment i am days away from turning (not that i am counting) i am currently in the process of getting divorced i have lots of wonderfully supportive friends some from childhood and some i am still getting to know i think i have faced the worst demons from an ugly childhood i am an easygoing (most of the time) and happy (usually) person i love chats and coffee and i am very playful.
does she go to a regular school with normal children that can learn?
naomie didnt seem too interested i think it was still a bit advanced for her yet but she did play with a couple of twigs while i was helping leyla do the sticking. we scrunched down the paper bag then squirted a whole load of craft glue all over the sides. i got leyla to press twigs all around the outside. she wasnt too convinced because it was a bit messy haha she kept saying "oh no ive got glue on my fingers" haha. shes definitely her mothers daughter she kept at it though and we got it done. i then squirted some glue in the middle and we laid some twigs in there for the birds to sit on.
and mismanagement of our money deserves to be treated as a cause of concern. we are talking about possible fraud and deception.
 medium size fennel bulbs cut into quarters
. i then covered the card stock with clear embossing powder shaking off any extra powder that may be in the recessed areas.
you decide not to care
the next few days pass slowly as the party navigates through the tomb drawing out its riches into a great pile near the entrance. the estimated value (besides any magic items) is gp apiece. food they have plenty but they are forced to drink from the vat of holy water for refreshment and worried glances show the vat ever depleting with little hope of relief on this lifeless rock. on the fourth day a far off soft jingling of bells can be heard and climbing to the highest point on the hill of skulls they see a strange sight.
to return to the question posed at saints and spinners.
kristiscreativecafe.blogspot.com and my facebook page
so roots can travel down my love
why use vanilla when you can use maple? everyone knows maple and bacon were just meant to be together
if you are grandpa punctuation is extremely important
i also got a kick out of the chocolate fondant headphones (i made mine out of raw cookies) which make the cupcake look a little like princess leia. ill have to remember that if i ever make raw star wars cupcakes again.
at least i did.
true or false?
 pets
xoya holds her decapitated head in her hands. i am unsure of how we are able to speak without breathing. i am even more uncertain of how xoya speaks. when she talks it is like listening to a whistling wind on an overcast night.
the other day – th january – was the epiphany and on that day quite by coincidence i had an epiphany. i made the realisation that when i deduct the cost of childcare from my takehome pay i’m left with € per month or €eek. apparently – according to my twitterfriends who know more about these things – if i stopped working i would get a prsi payment of €eek for the first months. i don’t know if that figure is then taxed – researching unemployment benefit has never previously been on my agenda; but if it’s not it means that the difference between me sitting at my desk and sitting at home is €ay.
mr sheridan then asked specifically about stephen whittamore whom the witnessed admitted using as he provided info that could help move stories on…the witness stating that mr whittamore was a resource used in general by the paper but that he could not recall who had originally passed him the name of mr whittamore but denied that it was andy coulson as he was not at the now at the time and that it probably wasn’t greg miskiw either. mr sheridan finally asked what the witness knew of mr whittamore now with the witness stating that he knew mr whittamore had been prosecuted for accessing data in breach of the data protection act.
it added that such schools will increase the investment potential for the project as they “traditionally bring about increased rental demand for housing nearby”.
my planning included eating a significant breakfast each day. if i eat a large breakfast i tend to eat less the rest of the day. this is one of those items i learned about myself thanks to keeping a food journal. i also planned to limit my alcohol consumption to a specific beverage.
as katie continued to sing it occurred to me that we were at the point where this river was ending and would soon flow into another. the sixth and youngest of her generation hers would be the last of these occasions for many years. the next bat or bar mitzvah in our family would be for the child of one of these six.
my doctor had told me that she figured he would be about .lbs but he surprised everyone when he came out at lbs oz. he was . inches long (same as tristan). he was perfect looked just like a little doll (still is). because of his size the nurses started calling him bruiser which just fit. the scheduled csection went off without any problems and recovery was soooo much better than with tristan. aidan was so much bigger than his big brother though that they had to cut more than my original incision line (about an inch) and now its off center. nothing wrong with it it just bugs me ;)
.how is tristan able to turn the people of dover against sir hugh and company?
the pet library was a brilliant concept which no doubt met its demise at the hands of human abuse and questions of legality but while it existed it was a wonderful way to own a guinea pig for a week and then thankfully return it once the thrill of watching it shit on newspaper had been exhausted.
these images are a full ″ x ″ printed on quality canvas and gallerywrapped on canvas stretchers (the canvas wraps around the stretchers and is printed all the way around) for a clean modern look. canvas prints are not on display but you can purchase one by specifying you’d like the canvas print. canvas prints are also for sale at $. each and a portion of every sale supports the andrew carnegie free library & music hall.
“saturday?” same answer.
he and his colleague were transferred to other departments in the police on friday until an internal investigation can be completed.
the captain to the admiral of the fleet and first captains to commanders in chief (if not flag officers) to wear while so employed the undress or frock uniform of rearadmirals.
so here we all are in the home stretch of season five… rumors are floating that the show is going to get a renewal for a sixth (albeit shortened) season. the past few episodes have felt very high on momentum and last week’s rating actually improved over the prior weeks.
carolines zen spirit is fully and completely evolving. her conversations are open honest real and deep...to the bone. she shares herself in raw expose that carries with it a softness a vulnerability that says "this is who i am who i can be and i am enough." i adore this photograph.
canterbury is also home to two other ruins (besides the one at the cathedral). and if you’re a regular follower of hammersmith tales you know how i feel about ruins. they set my heart aflutter and my imagination aflame.
i have wanted to make monogram cards for a while now. i decided today was the day. this is a x card. i cut the two squares on it from george and basic shapes the scalloped square is from winter woodland and the m is from paper lace. the black layer is embossed with dvine swirls which is probably my favorite cuttlebug folder the ribbon is from michaels. i clearly went for the "faux" stitching and used my black sakura jelly roll pen for that. they are simple but i love how they turned out.
counselor giver of an eternal life whose wonders we cannot imagine.
soaked from water overflowing
as per newton’s third law the rod has to react to the force of the springs. this passes back from the rocker to the mount on the wishbone. in pushrods case this reaction force is in the opposite direction to the force fed from the wheel into the chassis the two offset each other. with pullrod the force from the rod and the wheel act in the same direction this doubles the load in the upper wishbone and resultantly in the mounting the gearbox. this can be accounted for design and weight of the final wishbone design. however pushrod also has its structural problem the pushrod when the suspension in in bump (wheel rising) the rod is in compression and would tend to bow outwards. the pushrod was the first suspension component to have carbon fibre cladding for reinforcement again design and weight is needed to offset this load. suspension experts point out that pull rod suffers similar compression bending when the suspension is in droop (wheels falling) but droop is considered less critical in wheel control than bump. there’s no one answer to which is best you look at your design requirements and pick which solution works best. next year the best car is not necessarily going to be the one with pullrod rear suspension.
ive talked to a lot of young parents considering alternative education of some sort or another not necessarily unschooling and to people who plan on teaching their children a common enthusiasm expressed is that theyll be able to teach their children to love what they love. usually the thing theyre talking about is "classic" something or other especially literature. sometimes its even put as baldly as that though often that simply seems to be an underlying theme in what theyre saying. i dont point it out though sometimes i consider doing so. it doesnt seem particularly nice to say that all their dreams of creating children who share their interests isnt necessarily going to happen and i figure its something people will figure out themselves soon enough. but i always kind of shake my head a bit internally. trying to make someone else like the same things you like is likely to lead to them having little interest in the subject being pushed at best and actively disliking and resenting both the subject being pushed and the person pushing it at worst.
willard separates discipleship into a “golden triangle” that makes up three aspects of discipleship. faithful acceptance of daily problems spiritual disciplines and interaction with god’s spirit are all “connected” and one cannot “take the place of any other”. furthermore these points are “all three together in one grand statement” to the philippians
the ruling remains quizzical since gulen received scant formal education.
finally if you’re in the vicinity of th avenue just north of van buren (behind the pep boys building there just across the street from werner’s welding) you owe it to yourself to stop in to old world brewery. you won’t see a sign on the front of the building so you’ll just have to trust your instincts friends.
i remember the first time i went on a drop ride. i was i think. i was visiting my mom in california and we went to a local amusement park and went on one. i was hooked loved the freefall feeling and the swirl in my belly such a rush
its the second time weve been part of the riverfront park concert series. and i remember much more of this years performance. last year i had just stepped off a plane from spending three weeks studying harp in ireland. i was jet lagged to say the very least. i was overloaded with music and new knowledge and experiences i just couldnt even process yet. people told me the performance was wonderful my commentary was witty and sweet the band was rock solid and the night was perfect. im glad. i wish i could remember it myself.
but in february he said the agency stopped communicating altogether. sec leaders no longer want any space. nester said it is now “working with the general services administration to transfer the remaining space to it for use by other government tenants a process we hope to complete shortly.”
 pm the pushing began. let me just tell you that this was the weirdest thing for me. i didnt know when i was supposed to push obviously because i couldnt feel anything so it was a bit of a challenge. that was really the only thing i didnt like about having an epidural.
threescore barrels of powder below
to bring this back to a nz perspective im going to link to another video. the south auckland poets collective is run by youth for youth and principal to their goals is to reverse the negative stories and images about their hood that have been ruling the media for years. this is just one of many videos on their website
“the potential in this event concept will allow the cayman islands to engage an affluent market of director producers actors and the like” the commission stated. “in anticipation of the film festival growth as with camana bay dot would focus on the event to generate and increase brand awareness which is the second priority for the tourism department.”
i know they were though. i don’t really know how to explain it but they fell inbetween human and… well notsohuman. i saw them when i was little all the time. they were just like real people except there was just a little bit of something different about them. i’d say they had wings but that would just make me sound silly wouldn’t it? i think they might have but they were real hard to see like my eyes couldn’t quite process them yet. my other uncle michael looked like one of them but my mama didn’t like it when i talked about them so i don’t really think she knew. i guess that’s why she left me with my aunt and my uncle.
runner up summer wine brewery (west yorkshire) for northerners they really do making fucking great beer ;)
since i am seminew to the dslr world i decided to start learning in manual so i don’t get to dependent on auto. good plan huh? so far so good…if you ask me at least here is a picture i took today (full post to come)
so here’s to major life changing events eh?
john zuccotti cochair of brookfield properties is also on the board of another brookfield asset management’s subsidiary wellpoint health networks. in one of wellpoint’s honchos testified before congress that his company routinely and wrongfully denied claims to its health insurance policyholders.
december harry morgan actor (officer bill gannon on "dragnet") 
one of the greatest true crime stories ever written zebra is one of the best books you can’t buy except used. and it’s not for lack of interest. it was printed once in hardcover and once in paper and in spite of its fame and popularity never reprinted. peculiar that.
cut to day – more sun another bar tab this one starting at … hey it was her actual birthday we were allowed for the record this day is here i was introduced to mr. christian grey but more on that later we went to a delicious dinner at this great italian restaurant in a strip mall…. what is it. with florida? why is everything always in some sort of strip mall? anyway i digress food was good wine was great and company was even better. but maybe the best part of that night was the can ride to the bar. ali one of tha ladies celebrating with us apparently does this often but asked our driver if he knew cash cab… well he did and agreed to play it was amazing his do or die question was about joe giudice . i don’t think i’ve ever laughed so hard in my life. that night went on as nights tend to do with lots of drinking and shots and dancing and my hair tripling in size (thank you south florida)
the day the world ended by eoen cohn (poetry)
but now that i finally get it i can sit here — having turned my worries over to god with thanksgiving — enjoying the view of the moment while i watch hope wait and most importantly trust in god.
for starters while the movie was originally exhibited in . widescreen the bluray is incorrectly presented in . format. clearly the reason for this is that an old very outdated video transfer was sourced.
i also use bob as my personal trainer but will switch to gillian once the week fat burning programme has finished. i changed it to mins this week and i nearly threw up. i have had the return of this irritating head coldough so didnt do my wii dance today but hope to do the the biggest loser tomorrow. its bugging me now as i do love my exercise.
and then when i went to wash my hands i realized there was
and for the record i dont understand beiber fever either...but im pretty sure my mom said that about madonna or cyndi lauper and her grandmother didnt understand elvis and in turn....her mother didnt understand those new fangled short skirts...or kitty wells. so i can let that one go.
i have a feeling that this video might go viral over the next few days because let’s be honest how often do you see an executive from a highranking company resign on youtube?
anyway this post is a test to see if switching to bloggers new format will help.
theres already been one character goneski.
even a jacquard print. you would think that this would be to busy or not work. but it is wonderful together. my husband was very moved by this when he saw it and said his mother would have been pleased. i thought about some stickles and glimmer mist but decided against it and leave it clean. i think i made the right choice. directions available upon request.
imagine you and your best friend head out west on a crosscountry bike trek. imagine that you get into a fight—the cheap sob won’t kick in any cash—and you stop riding together. imagine you reach seattle go home alone and start college. imagine you think your former best friend does too. imagine he didn’t that he was carrying more than $ in cash the whole trip and that now the fbi is looking for him. imagine your world shifting....
at a certain point in the summer i prune the bush varieties i cut out extra leaves and new flowers....enough is enough i did it after this photo was taken....
it goes on to discuss this and ways you can help your children in greater detail. i found the research and article supports most of my assumptions about the importance of teaching empathy at a young age and how you choose to discipline your children. click here to read the whole time article .
and focus on your breath.
i don’t know the context in which the music is used… i never finished watching season one and i may have seen the relevant episode already but i can’t remember. it was about seven years ago now when it first aired. that being said i like to imagine commander adama is giving his son apollo a gift – a good lighter.
a alarm fire at tyler perry’s studios in atlanta georgia burned incessantly tuesday night into early wednesday as more than local firefighters were called to battle the blaze.
first up on the honey do list? the bugs room....ive got some much much overdo projects for her nursery as we make the (very slow) transition to a big girl room (tear tear tear). i am a few steps ahead of myself here but i am tackling some artwork that i want to hang including some by the bug herself and i am painting a mini tea table for her since her newest fave activities are drawing and painting......next on the list is building some shelving for her (ever expanding) closet and getting all of her clothes (nbpresent) in rubbermaids and organized by season and size.
(images courtesy of the criterion collection)
i want to start over
find quilting craft and sewing exhibits from many companies at the festival and participate in makeandtake workshops. buy a ticket for one day and its good for all three days. take a look at the festivals program here.
but youll be hearing from me baby long after im gone
when you naturally settle into a more reasonable work mode you look lazy by comparison. your once impressed bosses now say “what happened to the intensity and hard working attitude we saw before?” had you instead taken the time to understand their expectations beforehand you could’ve gauged those expectations and exceeded them by an amount that is both productive and sustainable. this insures that your bosses are consistently pleased by your work you are a valuable employee yet you don’t set yourself up for a burnout.
i guess im still getting "better." its a little more slow now not as pronounced day to day changes. just overall feeling "steady" and "good." and thats a good thing. and i try to remember that im doing this to get healthy not to get skinny... but whats wrong with skinny? cant i have both? and while were at it could we add in rich? ha how about fertile? lol.
since i didnt have a top that matched the shorts (oh the horror) i had to make one. i used the port elizabeth pattern which is free on burdastyle and which i have made about six times now. the fabric is some apple green broderie anglaise with flowers printed on it.
besides collecting rockistoriented fan publications i have been known to dabble a few tootsies into the fountain of other forms of fandom that have been sprouting up like lilylivered spots across my face. amongst the various branches of "amateur" publications that i have been purchasing over the past fifteen or so comic book fanzines have made a big indent in my own zine collection. this is perhaps because the beneatheyond the mainstream work to be found within the pages of a wide array of longdeceased amazine pubs have somehow registered with my own adolescent comic art fantasies which have produced such beloved if forgotten titles as feeble fables and rats reagan. not that there werent an inordinary number of "crudzines" out there featuring work that woulda made the above titles look like steranko but there sure were a whopping batch of characters stories and downright decent fan artists out there who did a pretty good job approximating the previous twenty years of comic book history and distilling it into whatever they could get outta some spirit duplicator or (if very lucky) offset.
dessert ribbon
happy saturday and welcome back to another challenge week. thank you to everyone who joined in on the fun last week with our fancy folds challenge you certainly turned up the heat and created some fabulous cards and projects. stay tuned for the the winners announcement on wednesday.
cool side slits but ill probably still cut it off.
when the juice reaches the third vat it boils and starts to change color. the workers monitor the changes and when it is ready the use a large scoop to transfer it to next vat through another filter. it goes through a few more vats until the end when it has changed from a watery gray to the final desired thick caramel texture and color.
i hope i get through all this
im a sucker for little cakes and beautiful brits so of course i immediately agreed i mean cmon how hard could it be? plus i felt an instant fondness to these because theyre practically related to cupcakes cupcakes little cakes. lamingtons little cakes. you follow the reasoning?
us hop farmers “want to do everything they can to establish long term mutually beneficial relationships with brewers and they view craft brewers as the future.” free at last ih has been sermonizing from the get go that the craft revolution is big and strong enough to support its own network of farmers breeders and processors who are committed to putting handcrafted quality over big box quantity.
to enter id love for you to leave me a comment giving me your favourite thrifty tip over the holiday season and.. thats it please make sure i can contact you by leaving your email address in your comment or enabling your email on your profile.
but i cant get near you now
all time is not ours.
for my program this time around is and under... even though the older
for the time being i have been blogging to keep myself busy and am having a blast i started blogging in december and am really enjoying myself. i love trying new and interesting products and meeting new people along the way its a lot of fun.
which i’d like to think simply by virtue of being down here in the south we tend to at least handle some stuff with a little more care sense and common decency than some other places maybe do sometimes. it shouldn’t be that way no – everybody everywhere should have common decency – but still we in the south do tend to do a little better than some at treating “acting decent” as sort of an unwritten law that pretty much just everybody knows. (though obviously not everywhere in knox county huh…)
all of it was in my car.
. womans weekly hq have sent a letter out to their regular contributors pleading for more and page stories. page stories should be words and pagers should be words. dont send odd length stories as they are harder to fit into the magazine. longer stories are ok for the fiction specials.
i brewed days ago and didnt post. i am happy to say that after cleaning my barley crusher per instructions from the barley crusher folks my mill worked like new. i hit all my numbers and the brew day was nearly perfect.
i started jotting down the different activities we have going on this week and after composing my list i can see why so little reading is getting done. there is a lot of running around to get people to soccer practices and games and softball practice. add in gymnastics piano lessons a dental appointment for me an early morning breakfast meeting for me along with an after school meeting this week ahead is already making me tired.
"i dont mind spunk....you can leave. i am giving you a free pass. it is dark here....in the world of infertility and i want out".
today we learned how to set up a sterile field drop sterile items on that field and how to put on sterile gloves. we also learned sterile dressing changes and removal of sutures among other things. we only had a few hours of lab today as our morning was filled with necessary paperwork. it’s my understanding that from here on out we will have one full day of lab and one full day of lecture each week…
yams are tubers of a tropical vine called dioscorea batatas and are not even related to the sweet potato. depending on the variety yams have brown or black skin with offwhite purple or red flesh. they are more easily found in international than american markets. yams are actually sweeter than sweet potatoes as they have more natural sugar. however sweet potatoes are more nutritious and are loaded with calcium potassium and vitamins a and c.
sure people have asked me whether i have had tiger tested and i have considered that in the past especially in his preschool years when he was doing many exceptional things that were not normally observed in children of a similar age. however as i read through all the literature written on the topic of gifted children i could find from the library there is no doubt that tigers behaviour is close to a perfect fit of the descriptions in the books. i dont think i need to spend a few thousand pounds just to have someone affirm to me what i already know about my own child. what i need are practical advice and suggestions on how to best support my child. no doubt that the hefty testing fees would include some kind of suggestion but they are usually geared towards solutions for schoolgoing children and honestly i dont think they can suggest anything that either () i am not already doing in our homeschool or () someone hasnt already written extensively about in books. so back to more research.
so much for the nasty "x" word
oh well too late at this point. we shall see if anyone shows up at my house at tonight.
assorted crudités (such as mini bell peppers celery fennel sugar snap peas and carrots)
and she’s gotta know by now
good luck and may the best reader win
in context of the exhibition my work will resonate with its own melody as part of a combined chorus.
“stop it” said lewis schaffer. “we’re not in new york. this is why you’re going to hate living here. you’ve gotta lower your expectations.”
the big thing about this jam handy production is jimmy stewart must have owed someone a favor because he does the voice over. a big win for jam handy and whatever students and teachers that had to watch this thing. a bit of a loss for people making fun of it. stewart does manage to bring what would be a horrible short up to mediocre.
bear in mind that african countries are currently members of the african union and that this socalled union has only two administrative centres the one sits in addis ababa ethiopia and the other is located in midrand south africa. the panafrican parliament (pap) which is to become the highest legislative body of the african union is also seated in south africa in midrand.
jessica provided “proud mary” complete with dance moves and spunk.
“i am so clever that sometimes i don’t understand a single word of what i am saying.”
if any of you have tried it feel free to leave a comment. i would be curious to get your feedback.
ed note while i bring a lot of my personal opinions into my journal posts and describe things as i see them the intention of the design posts is not the same. these posts will be written objectively from research and industry experience.
and the cycle begins again as though i started a dose of antibiotics but never finished it. the plague lives on.
now i would never advocate smoking while pregnant. but with the exception of one very stupid attention seeking person i once saw in the press claiming that smoking was strengthening the lungs of her fetus i dont know one single person who smokes who hasnt tried to give up during pregnancy.
the difference however is that not only is she using una as a political strategy but she is also complementing her candidacy with political stratagem.
so wide and vast the end and start
we are not master brewers ( you probably guessed that much ) and we don’t work in the
the yearold from nearby witney oxfordshire added “it wasn’t particularly big but it was amazing to see the change in the environment. it was grey and a bit blurry and then to be hit by something like that. you suddenly realise the force of nature it’s incredible.”
mocha latte reads and stuck in books are both offering tourwide giveaways. you get an entry every time you comment on someones tour post. if you leave a comment for kate and jennifer on my interview post or on todays review youll receive an extra entry
yes i did say durian that notoriously smelly fruit. oh be still my heart...
nancy then had a neighbor on the phone and she asked the neighbor the same questions but to nancy’s frustration the neighbor did not have the answers.
i have made buys already and i am super excited about all of them.
but i diegrasp (little gallows humor there).
the alleged response from mr. ramsajan’s team was that mrs. ramsajan was currently in the care of him san fernando millionaire padlo “pablo” roopnarine while mr. ramsajan who supports himself was currently being detained from his lively hood by constant allegedly fake police matters brought against him in response to genuine
such beers reach you with an impossible sense of immediate familiarity even though you never tasted them before in your life. its a strange magic and always intensely pleasurable.
but my babies are really these kids. these children.
notes though i used boneless chicken i think it will taste great with boned chicken too. make sure to cut chicken in small size pieces. since soya sauce is added be careful while adding salt. while frying the chicken pieces make sure that it is not over fried. the chicken is ready when it becomes golden brown. you can add chicken cube to enhance the flavour. if using chicken cube add it along with the sauces while making the gravy. again the chicken cube is salty so be careful while adding salt.
a table filled with snacks and drinks kept the ballerinas and their friends happy. and my friends fatherinlaw volunteered to keep us all entertained as our very own piano man. what a treat that was
so youd think it would be quite a relief to have an excuse to stay in for a few days. alas not. not when the excuse is two wee ones with nasty buglings oozing out of their noses spraying forth in coughs and splutters and generally turning them into balls of frothing overtired tempertots. ah yes for with the bugs comes sleeplessness. and if they dont sleep we dont sleep. housebound germridden and frazzled; thats us. there is only so much cbeebies a woman can take while it seems small ones have an unlimited capacity for the tv twaddle.
a princess for christmas ... hallmark channel ... pm
am i fat? technically yes. the number on the scale is higher than i thought it would ever be. i wear it well and most people dont know. but it cant stay this way. i want to be comfortable in my own skin again. i want my clothes to be too big. i want to feel skinny and sexy again. i want to be healthier and stronger.
those types of patient expectations are pretty standard and if there are any issues are resolved without much fanfare. the expectation that i find the hardest to come to terms with is when a patient has had a previous physical therapy experience at a different clinic (usually a good one) and expects me to provide the same type of treatment as before. sometimes they come to me and say “i want the heat and the electrical things.” and that’s it. or they come in and ask “do you do massage?” well technically yes but probably not like they are expecting. or “my last therapist didn’t make me exercise why should i now?” nine times out of ten they are asking sincerely and without malice. they were treated a certain way and benefited from it and now expect the same from me. this is where it can get a little sticky for me. if what they are expecting is in line with what i think they need to get better i will do it. however if what they are asking for is just a bandaid or does not mesh with my treatment plan and overall physical therapy philosophy i will be more hesitant to do what they are asking for. at this point it is up to me to convey my thought process to the patient in a concise understandable and professional way. if i do this the vast majority of patients have no problem with my decision and are thank me for being up front with them. every once in a while i have a patient who isn’t satisfied with my explanation and half heartedly continues therapy or quits all together. and this is the tough lesson i have had to learn over the years. you can’t please everybody.
olympic swimmer
ha ha just kidding...
avengers .
we have to come up with a better turn of phrase us photographer types.
yes. and next year i will plan ahead. i will schedule my post if i see busy days ahead. i need to be more organized.
but who’s going to answer these fundamental questions?
. quest options – something i’ve always wanted in an mmo is a little more flexibility with how you handle questing. essentially the option to give item x to npc z instead of npc y for a different reward. the ‘standard formula’ has never truly allowed this — you always give item x to npc y for reward a b or c.
a crazy metapedagogy? perhaps but brilliant and successful? absolutely.
the holiday season is in full swing and we’re headed full throttle for christmas. those halloween treat baskets are a distant memory. the pecan pie stuffed turkey and candied yams of thanksgiving are recently behind us and now we’re all about gingerbread houses and christmasthemed sugar cookies with visions of glazed ham and old english trifle just around the corner.
en aan jouw warme lippen stillen
"theyre going to be champions like their parents" will piped in. he seemed to be trying to dispel the tension. "if id known you two were going to act like teenagers idve sent a warning though."
there were ten judges at the trial of galileo. they were all cardinals. one was the pope’s brother and another his nephew. the trial was conducted by the inquisition. galileo did not have a copy of the charges against him or the evidence; the rules were not that of a court but formalised in to judge ‘against heretical depravity throughout the whole christian commonwealth’.
. used to say “the thing is” when describing or explaining something. pasa que no tengo plata para ir así que… the thing is i don´t have any money to go so…
rafting kayaking climbing ers paddle boarding mountain biking…sold yet? outside in aspen brings top athletes to the mountain town for adventure clinics suitable for people of all skill levels. along the way there is live music demos an après ski party a photo workshop…again i could go on.
come to learn about educational opportunities in our nations service academies representatives from every branch of the u.s. military will be available to discuss and answer your questions concerning enrollment eligibility and the academic requirements for admission.
original post by me to all my theist friends who might wish to convert me read this
colours went all wrong in this pic theyre suppose to be darker than they look here. microshadow (bubble) and blush (must have) from make up store. im really disappointed with the eyeshadow its suppose to be light blue but when applying it doesnt look like anything and there isnt really much pigment. this time tried a peachier colour for blush i always have pink its a nice change and i think it looks better now when its winter.
well it’s simple i can have three litters ranging in size from four to ten ready to go every month if i simply acquire six more does and two more bucks. this allows me to give the does a six week period without babies and one full month where their bodies aren’t being eaten up by babies in one form or another. while most of what i’ve read says that this is more than adequate i’m still slightly worried about the doe’s health in the long run with this schedule and i may end up picking up more does to help ease the strain on them.
now im supposed to tag other people so these are the people whose answers id really like to read
rumors of fatalities and we have no idea
magenta cardboard cut with
we just focused on getting the story board scanned in and getting the images cut and in the right order.
 composed
its tempting to describe the different genres of seventies rock in broad strokes prog (widdlywankywoo) glam (thump crunch yeah) hard rock (devils witches blues guitar screeches and wails) and art rock (synthesisers squelch vocals brood and yearn unexpected ambient interludes). in reality the scene was rather more confused and disorientated than that and elements of any of these noises tended to make themselves present in many discs. the sweet for example loved to play around with hard rock on bsides when they got the chance and the line between art rock and prog rock was often blurred lest we forget davy olist of the nice was in the early lineup of roxy music.
then i thought maybe it was a hangover...but then i remembered that you usually need to have had some alcohol the night before and although i had a glass or of wine that shits normal for me...plus there is no way im going to get medevacd from a hangover so i totally threw that one out.
together the women built for themselves a life of selfless courage order and mutual support. grey is the colour of hope is as much their story as irinas. with faithful attention to detail and surprising moments of humour irina ratushinskayas continuously gripping narrative culminates in her unexpected release. it came as the result of intense pressure from the western media political and church sources and the petitions of countless individuals who were deeply moved by the poets courageous struggle.
there are certain desired qualities in the wife of a pastor. no doubt. there are even certain responsibilities which come with being the wife of a pastor. but since when did a spouse automatically assume the same role as the other spouse? is michelle obama the cocommanderinchief? does the husband of the public school superintendent also take on that role or title? does he assume the same responsibilities and authority as his wife?
sirius in the constellation canis major (the greater dog) looks extraordinarily bright in earth’s sky because it’s only . lightyears away. many stars on the sky’s dome are intrinsically more luminous than sirius but appear fainter because they lie farther away.
on march th many smiling irish eyes are turned toward court street and the blarney bash. for over a decade this street party has been the st. patrick’s day event located in front of connolly’s irish pub this shamrock soiree entertains with irish step dancers live music and of course great quantities of guinness the pub itself invites you to sit back partake in a pint and enjoy some great live music. best of all this is not only a guaranteed good time but it’s also for a good cause – donations will be collected for area food pantries. outdoor activities are open to all ages and music starts at pm (until pm) but the pub is open only to over ′s and a cover charge may apply.
ok lemme get this straight a little over months ago the pm appointed her cabinet most of them with junior ministers….and when these ministers fly out the country we still have to appoint replacements for them? why? what’s the point of these junior ministers? not to deputise? so take rambachan for instance dyergriffith can’t actunction for him but john sandy can? well colour me confused…..you mean junior ministers just there to eat ah food too?
pr chance at equality but much nepotism.
ephesians .
cowardly lions
those who know me will often see little treasures on my creations. these may be bits of jewellery small pieces picked up from ebay carboot sales or charity shop finds and i have a couple of small boxes filled with old watch pieces game pieces vintage sewing things vintage ephemera keys frozen charlotte dolls bottle tops as well as new things like the th ideaology range.
priced at £ this sinfully delicious sponge and buttercream layer cake includes lashings of orange curd and rich chocolate buttercream under a heavenly marzipan and chocolate icing.
chapter xiv – queen sorceress olamna
. xavier musketeers
another important coney island export to the world of vaudeville. just as the steeplechase tilyous gave us the surf theater (which is really just a footnote) frederic thompson and elmer dundee the owners and designers of lunapark created two of vaudeville’s most important theaters the colonial and the hippodrome both built in .
unexpectedly running into friends in the charlotte airport.
the row of stores across the way have changed a number of times over the years with the exception of mountain made. the store that is the bridal and formal shoppe of pendleton it used to be a splendidly random gift shop that carried dishes dolls soaps decorative rocks and everything else that your heart could desire. and it was always shifting around so i never knew what to expect in there. since it changed hands though i have some fun memories of my cousins trying on several dresses for a formal outing and posing in their lovely dressing room.
love that girl.
brett who is also nearby hears emmys cries as well and starts searching harder. the old man arrives at the hole first tosses down a rope and hauls her out taking her back to his cabin. however brett has seen all of this and now knows where emmy is.
i wanted to give a special "hey there" to my good friend auntie marge for sending me a funny little poem that goes a little like this
nah. i just branched out in certain other directions for a creative outlet. that and the day job has really been cutting into my time to write. and i also needed to break with my damned farmville addiction. it used to be a fun time waster but now its such a pain in the ass that its like having a second full time job. there are probably real farmers who spend less time and aggravation on real farms than ive been spending on the farms i operate in farmville.
the credo of egyptian’s muslim brotherhood states as follows “allah is our objective; the quran is our constitution the prophet is our leader; jihad is our way; and death for the sake of allah is the highest of our aspirations.” now what part of that is secular? i would surely like to be enlightened on this. obviously mr. clapper is either an idiot or something else is going on here. with his past gaffe on missing england’s terror arrest one could likely assume he is an idiot but that most likely is just wishful thinking. something else is at play here.
wash your brushes every two months with liquid antibacterial hand – or dishwasher soap. i found that pretending i was using them to paint my hand in a swirling motion really loosened up the dirt and old makeup and before you know it…you are standing mouth wide opened thinking how the hell all of that just came from this brush when you are done let them air dry. in the morning you can poof them full again with the blow dryer.
“for the welloff in this country” obama said in may “high gas prices are mostly an annoyance but to most americans they’re a huge problem bordering on a crisis.”
this was a branch of the coop previously somerfield. it finally closed last week. i don’t know what will come afterwards. the s aer lingus building is looking very tatty these days and was earmarked to be demolished though the plans for a hotel and retail development to replace it are precredit crunch so who knows whether they will go ahead. we have a habit in glasgow even in good times of demolishing buildings and leaving the vacant site for a while say thirty or forty years until someone figures out what to do with it.
 tablespoons cherry brandy
daytime temperatures were in the lows in silver city when we left and they’ve been gradually creeping up as we move onward towards the great state of maine. it was when we arrived in russellville last night and it feels close to that here in jackson.
today fans of sports entertainment are collectively basking in the afterglow of last night’s wwe extreme rules payperview. as we regale one another with fond memories of the event one of the best wwe produced events so far this year we should take some time to discuss one match that has been grossly overlooked by at least ninety percent of the company’s supporters and detractors.
whizz together all the ingredients in a blender. taste add more sugar if you think it needs it.
do you recognise these names?
certainly said i; and i have heard that the firstclass carriages are very comfortable and the smell arising from the steam has been much exaggerated.
brandon holstein exactly.
today’s class will be his last before graduation. he is still in the agonies of getting his paper in order. i read the page organization assessment last night and while joe has good content the details need ordered. he did a really good job illustrating how pauperlike the working conditions of the archive are compared to the wellheeled historical society. i was rolling off my chair in laughter.
unlike in those decisions the second circuit concluded here that the use in question was transformative
i hold onto christines hand until im up over the edge of the canal wall. i dont want to let go but no that if i dont ill probably pull her in with me
. this giveaway is for our followers. if you havent already click the fans of wild about nature follow button. leave a comment letting us know that you are a follower.
my beautiful goddaughter is finally here presley adelheid gisele was born on march th to shayla and kevin jiles of dallas texas the tiny princess came into the world weighing just pounds ounces measuring ½ inches long.
the image is from a retired stampin up set and i stamped it using memento tuxedo black ink. i didnt shade it in as i liked the "old" and worn out look with the black against the inked edges. i used some twine and brown rustic buttons to finish off the design.
“we’ve seen mildly better building activity and it’s been a splendid winter for construction one of the best i’ve ever seen” mcshirley said. but he said “there are huge credit issues it’s a tight market for credit. more and more banks are getting out of the commercial construction lending business.”
my queen may make demands but they are not the demands of the spoiled of the ego of a desire to subjugate.
"mary mary quite contrary
ah high school boys the popular ones will always act as they did at their peak while the rest of us move on with our lives.
also worthy to note the southern rings in the video… and scalar square over knoxville tennesee .
this song reminds me a bit of the "buena" cover they often pull out live to let george unleash the furious side of his vocals (how about a studio version of that one guys?) but its still a sound all their own.
finally here is a dutch review which mentions this blog i am an ordinary girl yes. i did a google translate on this one as i dont know any dutch. google translate brings a daily doze of psychedelia into our lives. i recommend.
perhaps too it’s also time for a wholesale revision of our political system and the introduction of a bicameral system as now but one in which the second chamber – and yes i know it’s a novelty but stay with me – has real power.
register now for sleuthfest 
we’ll be back soon for more disneyeating adventures… here’s hoping you enjoyed tagging along for this trip…
make sure the landscape is in good condition when you are selling a home. many buyers will drive right past a house with an unkempt yard taking it as a sign the home isn’t wellcared for.
the url for purchasing direct also we will have links to where alls fair in war can be purchased via itunes amazon mp zune rhapsody nokia and emusic starting next week (or i should say when its up on
lovely mural on wall…love
and then i realized that it wasnt a skirt she had a sweater draped over her legs and she simply picked up the sweater revealing her shapely legs...and the shorts she was wearing.
with their medieval tactics bn has only succeeded in radicalizing yet more malaysians and in turning peaceful protestors into hardened streetfighters.
the second element was something ive mentioned previously. when things were really bad emotionally i was a mess. perhaps oddly logically i was with it. it was almost as if the logical side could say "yes it hurts. really hurts but you can beat this. dont give up."
im the middle child of three girls ive had the same best friends since kindergarten and i talk to (and more often than not see) my best friend from college everyday. so choosing my bridesmaids was a cinch. but asking? theres a lot of pressure there
by kimberly bea
. taste.
also if anyone lives in virginia or near washington dc please let me know of some of the great things we should do while we are living there share some of the great places to shop and eat. i would love to learn more about our new home since i wont be able to do a house hunting trip before we move out there.
the story of lady elizabeth hungerford locked in the tower of farleigh castle for four years – and the fact that no one knew how she escaped. it caught my imagination on a visit to the castle and made me want to write a story about it.
 was something of a high water mark for me it was as if a number of energies simultaneously caught fire and delivered a concentrated year of brilliant memorable theatre. perhaps inevitably has had a feeling of being on the shoulder of a peak perhaps reinforced by a sense that main stage theatre here is in significant transition. certainly its been hard to look towards sydney and not feel that sydney main stage theatre has it all over us.
these changes i propose would involve one or more amendments to the state constitution and would undoubtedly meet strong resistance in the new jersey legislature.
the piece titled anomaly was inspired by a song by incubus called anna molly and in my opinion was rather juvenile.
this has stayed with me for many years and has seemed to have a radiant quality about it almost to the point that i think of the white horse in the dream as my talisman. i have thought long and hard about what this dream could mean in my life and have come up with some satisfactory answers. i was once driving along familiar roads and saw in a meadow on the left side of the road five white horses grazing. you can imagine i almost drove right off the road. i remember writing a poem about them then but i’d have to look it up.
i’d love to say i have the solution to these buggers but this is more a post of things i’ve tried that didn’t work in hopes of other suggestions.
“the newsweeklies … have tried to be all things to all people and that’s just not going to cut it in this highly niche politically polarized mediastratified environment that we live in today.”
the south korean secret police informed the chinese that there was an order to have me killed.
‘moreover the languages involved frequently are unique to particular regions with many facing extinction.’
you cant go wrong 
i changed the definition of static method getcurrentloggedinuser() of sessionutils class for unit test case only. but my integration test cases started failing since grails uses the same jvm for executing unit and integration tests(when not executed individually).
h was the best woman at my wedding and will be for the rest of my days. i honestly cant imagine life without her.
minutes later the sisters and some family members arrived at the moroka police station to report the hijacking.
. here im going to use the pattern and the tool from the dritz button cover kit.
i walk up to rachel lying in the ambulance on the stretcher. her eyes are closed and her chest is moving a little up and down as she breathes weakly. i pull the blanket off her to find a bandaid covering a huge hole just under her breast bone where shed stabbed herself. i gasp tears fall down my face and onto her cheek. her eyes flitter open as she feels the drops. the paramedics bring more bandages and medicine to clean the wound. i wait for them to tell me to go away but they dont. i hold her hand as they drive to the hospital. her sobbing mother sits in the front.
new feelings call from another room
the iamaw represents mechanics baggage handlers and cargo agents employed by air canada and its collective agreement expired on march .
everytime
and a coyote symphony
among other hilarious things happening in february i decided to take up tae kwon do with one of my bridesmaids becca (or as i like to call her fecca buerch). i know you’re probably thinking that it is really random but actually becca and i had wanted to take on tkd for a while and groupon presented us with the opportunity upon our first class at tkd i loved it so much and was so into it i literally almost passed out. i never realized how good of a workout it was and i absolutely love it i thought some of you may not believe me that i did tkd so again here is a photo of me in my getup for proof. pretty legit huh? we wanted to continue our studies at master chong’s but unfortunately it is almost just as expensive as a car payment every month so we respectfully declined. becca and i did however learn how to count to ten in korean and learned our first moves in the poomse go us
i had already watched the victor & rolf documentary last year but this year i caught chanel and jean paul gaultier. especially the latter made quite an impression as jean paul gaultier is just about the nicest person in fashion. unlike many other fashion houses they create everything in the jean paul gaultier building in paris. everything from buttons to special kinds of crocheting. its very impressive. the documentary comes at time when i received a postcard from a very dear reader of mine.
my head was on backwards my eyes all screwy. my hands were tied tight; my eyes the couldn’t see.
i added glossy accents to the paint palette & brush to make it look wet.
again colonel f and colonel b said that late in or early in the kgb received radar technology. they claimed that this information from the fifth was assembled in the form of photos diagrams and written explanations by him and blunt...the clarity and visually descriptive nature of the technical data supplied by the fifth was a trademark of his. by comparison rothschild demonstrated in his book meditations of a broomstick how he took great pride in all areas of his work for mi in supplying exact illustrations.
a phone call that began his childs journey back to a world full of healing hope redemption laughter joy and beauty........
. not taking the story too seriously
paintings...
shame on him although i’m sure rather is immune to any shame.
there are spoilers in this review
sapa reports on friday that many petrol stations and food shops in all the major townships are empty of supplies.
chilly chilly is evening time
i believe that yes a casino in toronto could generate financial stability. does it have to be down town? toronto already has the acc the cn tower and the skydome all packed in the downtown core. i believe the government should try to broaden their horizons and see where a casino could last in the next years. this cannot be a quick fix solution or a spontaneous lot purchase. if mcguinty and the liberal government understand their citizens they know they have to go through many drafts because if toronto get’s a casino their will be high expectations.
it wasn’t that lola didn’t want mama to know where we were but she just didn’t realize that logically it was necessary to tell my mom that we had a new address. sometimes lola is just like that. it’s weird.
safe in the newness of
apparently according to very understanding hubby ours have a clever feature. if you get another fluffie hating child safety plug and insert the pegs from that one into the holes on the one in the socket (sounds a bit dodgee to me) and twist you can pull the fluffie hating child safety plug out safely. of course first of all i have to get a knife to shove down the back of another fluffie hating child safety plug so i can get the darn thing out
the advertising standards authority should extend its remit to include instore positioning of products and all pointofsale marketing.
for a start a camera is genderless. anyone can carry one so i had no idea just from examinging my object who it might have belonged it. similarly they are ageless… young people and grandparents are equally likely to have a camera these days and being a disposable one had the disadvantage to a fraudulent person of it being a generic standard design. you could not tell if it was the sort of things likely for an older person to know how to use just from looking at it. lastly it was black all over. so no helpful pink colours or stickers that might give something away. while the others examined their various keys earrings rings and chains (and in one case a chapstick) i turned the camera over in my hands and analysed it first from a scientific viewpoint. i could see that the item was worn on the edges meaning it’s owner had had it for a while and likely kept it in some sort of bag. this could still equally point to a man or a woman. being disposable and with around pictures left on the reel the owner had either bought it for one particular event then failed to use all the snaps or they took pictures infrequently. i felt this pointed to someone older than some of the younger members of group but it was not particularly conclusive.
father cause to love the word of god with all his heart and enable him to memorize and meditate on it all day (psalm ).
out on the moon’s surface kostya finally stopped. his breath was ragged and his sweat chilled on his face. kostya was wracked with sobs of joy and fear. it was true. a god does exist. but what does this mean? should the world even know about it?
"sweetheart of the rodeo"
many years ago when i was my old self (that shy embarrassed wouldnt say boo to a goose self) i needed to visit the dentist. my husband gary (who was my boyfriend at the time) made me an appointment. on the morning of the appointment there was a problem. gary couldnt remember which dentist hed contacted great so we drove to the closest dentist surgery and looked at the name plates outside.
willamette hybrid of the fuggle grown in oregon. moderate bitterness and spicy aroma. alpha rating used for bittering or finishing ales.
beverlys first venture into adult fiction is the bestselling trilogy the heritage of lancaster county including the shunning a suspenseful saga of katie lapp a young amish woman drawn to the modern world by secrets from her past. the book is loosely based on the authors maternal grandmother ada ranck buchwalter who left her old order mennonite upbringing to marry a bible college student. one amishcountry newspaper claimed beverlys work to be "a primer on lancaster county folklore" and offers "an insiders view of amish life."
grilled salted ox tongue with cauliflower cheese croquette bread and butter pickles is first off. i cant say ive had tongue in the last years (snigger) but this was an excellent reintroducton. what i expected could be chewy was delicate and light. a great start which set me up for the main course. shoulder of roe deer follows served with sauerkraut mash and greens. for two on a wooden platter my eyes widen as it is placed between english and myself. the bone slips away effortless as we dish up generous hunks and even more generous dollops of mash and sauerkraut. its a bold hearty dish which is what supper club is all about. it is faultless. i am at risk of drowning my keyboard as my mouth waters just thinking about this rounding off the meal i am torn between the english cheeses with toasted bara brith or the baked custard with grasmere gingerbread. im told the bara brith and gingerbread are both made on the premises and on the basis that no one makes bara brith like nan did i go for the custard. the top cracks satisfyingly but i could have probably done without the accompanying sorbet. the gingerbread is good but lacks the dustiness and snap i was expecting. that said its a good end to a great meal. where the country comes to town is the phrase that came to mind when i was trying to sum up the harwood arms and its menu. they beat me to it i see as its emblazoned on their website. just when you thought youd had an original thought
one theory is that these were heartshaped pillars
are you looking forward to some spring or summer travel? don’t forget to put healthy eating in your plans – yes even at airports and highway food courts. after some of my own recent travels i was reminded of how fast and easy it is to make unhealthy eating choices when we’re on the go. cheeseburgers fries fried chicken and pizza are everywhere but happily so are smarter options too. these tips grouped by eating places and common menu choices will help you bring healthy eating along for the journey.
* i love you all catch you on the other side
the other night i was lucky enough to get invited to the soft opening of a new restaurant in pasadena called vol. i actually used to live up in pasadena and it is still one of my favorite towns in los angeles if the drive to work hadn’t worn me out i still would be living there today. vol. just opened up in a space across the street from paseo near old town pasadena. it’s a wine bistro with seasonal new american small plates with an asian twist.
lots of house cleaning (yes i think thats great...kill me now).
i had an appointment today. while i was waiting i received a call from my boss. i should have sent the call to voice mail. i should have ended the call when it was my turn. i didn’t. the technician who was helping me asked me once to end the call. i didn’t. i kept talking and talking.
cause money is the biggest magic spell put on the human race
you can imagine how we are feeling especially without any clear guidance to what is now legal and what is not and what makes matters worse is that tusd expects us to move forward and redesign our entire curriculum and pedagogy to be in compliance.
reading the bible ... im using this read the bible in a year plan for the first time. i guess i usually read the new testament several times a year and favourite other books like psalms and esther but i needed a plan to help me tackle some harder books more systematically. i like how this plan has a different focus every day of the week.
sleep cousin of oblivion
or later when i cannot sleep
life will always be a struggle and we will always have obstacles in life. i try to stay calm and enjoy today when things are meant to be they will be. sounds like a cliché but truly let life take its course having skin cancer i will say has not defined who i am but has allowed me to see things in a brighter light a little scare like that has to have some positiveness come out of it right? which by the way things are good right now
great poem i really enjoyed the perspective of this. i think i know this feeling very well！please enjoy！
it should be remembered that with the help of the world and south african media the anc was able to paint the sa white as a nation of nazis. they conjured up some of the most shocking lies ever experienced in the history of the world. even the younger generation white and black south africans have been brainwashed into believing that apartheid was a violent inhumane atrocious system where blacks were shot in the street on sundays for fun. they actually believe that white school children used blacks for target practice so feebleminded uneducated and gullible are they.
 cups flour
it’s election day bring proof that you voted today and receive $ off the regular buffet price today’s mouthwatering menu includes chicken romano flank steak demi romano crusted russet fries lasagna rustica penne with gorgonzola pesto and sautéed green beans. soup of the day is a toscana beef. stop by our always fresh salad bar. finish your meal with one of our delicious desserts and a freshly brewed cup of la prima coffee.
. work the dough again for min and divide it in four balls. place them in a greased rectangular mold and cover. let rise for an hour again.
()“adler isn’t respected by philosophers” well the philosophers you read must never have mentioned in their worthless tomes that popularity doesn’t equal truth. all that matters is if the argument is a reasoned one and conclusion is true or not. if every philosophy professor in the world said adler (and by extension aristotle and aquinas since adler is more about reiterating the correct philosophies of others and adapting them to modern issues than coming up with his own ideas) was an idiot it still wouldn’t prove that he was wrong only truth and reason would do that. (now please don’t think that i think everything adler said is true he’s human he’s wrong sometimes but when compared to descartes hume berkley foucault satre james kierkegaard leibniz marx…you get the idea he’s on a far more solid grounding of reason.)
i appeal to you to share this email with everyone youknow love or care about. it is a matter of life and death of the planet and for you. it will take many sacrifices such as limiting the amount of time we drive our cars or fly on airplanes. but we all need to be aware of the problem and begin doing something about it.
the majority of the refugees in the chapel hill area are karen burmese who were driven out of their country into squalid overpopulated camps on the border of thailand. since the u.s. has allowed the influx of about burmese refugees annually and the children arriving in chapel hill often speak no english have little formal schooling and have suffered major trauma.
jiger is a pretty intense enemy. she was able to take down gamera in the past that’s a pretty great feat when you think about it. in fact i’d go as far as to say that she’s the strongest being in all of media. there are none who can stop her. even if they do attack her she can take a lot of punishment. she hasn’t gotten this on attack power alone. one day jiger will rise to the top of the blog ranks and show the world her true power. none will be able to stop her once that happens
let’s face it. one has to be a muslim to be allowed to be a critical of islam or the koran. the thing is though once one is a muslim one will not be critical of islam or the koran – as over one thousand years of the history of islam has shown us. and no the ‘myriad and many differing interpretations of the koran in islamic scholarship’ do not equal a single genuine criticism of the koran.
he pushed the stand holding the vials to one side of the counter. ‘now for the next step you’re gonna wanna find a swan that is blind in one eye and cut its throat with the jaw bone of an ass. collect that blood.’ he pulled a small plastic bottle from under the counter. it contained a thick black substance that was bubbling fiercely. ‘your best bet with this stuff is to keep it in the fridge because if you leave it out in the kitchen and it’s a full moon it will make your house start crying tears of tar.’ he grabbed a bowl. ‘now you take a normal mixing bowl and pour the swan blood into it.’ he uncapped the bottle and a sweet ethereal song emitted from the bottle mouth as the liquid thickly poured into the bowl. ‘here’s a fun fact that song you’re hearing is actually a drowned sailor’s lament. it’s the song sailor’s sing apparently when they fall overboard.’ he cocked his head and listened for a bit. ‘lovely. right you’ve got your seven seals waiting to go and your salad’s ready and you’ve got a bowl full of swan blood. next the meat.’
here is a picture of the original japanese tea house in 
^^ this is the realest thing i have seen in the absolute longest time. please do expect to see it a million and one times on my blog because i think it is awesome i believe it was made especially for me. every word rung true and that hurts all over again
usual
housman also authored one of my favorite quotes
but i understand their need for one. whats not to understand? dogs and kids perfect together. as luck would have it we live in walking distance to the neighborhood animal shelter and so on occasion we visit with the animals. the puppies and the kittens are of course adorable. but its the older dogs that tear me up. most of them are broken. you can see it in their eyes. cameras are prohibited but i managed these shots. please forgive their fuzzy quality.
my elder view of this is not positive.
now as we start having our th birthdays were becoming seniors. not such a happy name for those who are only im sure. moses znaimer a canadian entrpreneur figured that he could market to this age group if he could only come up with a catchy name. and zoomers were born.
i have evil minimum sewing skills. and i mean minimum. however i decided last week to start sewing the feathers on the butt of evil cute little green leotard to make a duck. got up early and finished yesterday.
among their conclusions there are some regarding the right to be forgotten and the right to data portability
p "its a refrigerator."
this is the working definition of ‘indecent’ pemra cites in their draft
the down side to going on strike is that one is almost honor bound to cough up a new post after the strike is over or the strike doesnt mean anything. which is probably for the best because ive been meaning to write about why the list of mostlyshoujo manga hasnt grown much. there are two reasons. one is im lazy. the other is that i got completely sidetracked and started reading a completely different manga unexpectedly. a kind i havent written about here.
anyway i stuck with it despite it making me feel for a major part of the book that when he finally did find inner peace it wouldn’t be… true enough to life? it wouldn’t be a good way to be? worth all the frustration? i dunno. i just didn’t expect it to end on a good note for my interpretation of the book.
latin poet bc – ad
. favorite cupcake flavor? red velvet vanilla and my awesome cocoawhite chocolate chipraspberry.
we’ve always been me and you
. sticks & stones
i am weeks post surgery. life is sort of getting back to normal. it took longer than i thought it would. it has been a whirlwind of emotion and experiences and i hope to settle down and get grounded for a bit.
on another blog there is a great collection of artsy pages. some make me sad for insulting the person who landed there. its probably the webmasters fault theyre there. one insults the reader for having guessed while mine compliments them on having guessed (because im trying to make mine guessable for the most part).
many of the strengths of quantitative utilitarianism of bentham are also seen in mill’s work
you dont want coffee or tea. you want sleep...blessed sleep...
april mexico city mx foro sol
fact; me and my little sister is gonna take a “joy ride” in my mom’s car sometime in the next months (i’ma be driving). 
please watch this. it isnt long but it is very important.
our multicultural art lessons this week had a focus on australia and aboriginal dot paintings.
ok… now i need a nap…
tim howard?
as hell’s kitchen improved after the successful fight to drive out the pimps and prostitutes the possibilities for development increased. for example the site of the old madison square garden at eighth avenue and th street which had stood vacant for almost years even though excluded from the clinton special district became the subject in of a proposal from the zeckendorf organization to build what is today world wide plaza. in typical tammany style the mcmanus association sought to have a certain number of housing units (agreed upon to be ) set aside for low income people from the neighborhood and then supported the proposal. although other more radical tenant groups opposed the development the fact that the mcmanus club which had been in the community for almost years supported it essentially rendered this opposition in effective and the project went forward. the same pattern was repeated with developments along the nd street corridor and along th street where the sheffield was finished and opened.
if jesus doesnt return tomorrow then praise god. this world has a little longer to come to a personal relationship with him. if he does come tomorrow praise god.. im going home i get to start my eternity with my lord and savior and i get to see my momma and two babies amen and amen
however even this quirk of nature hasn’t been able to hold back the tide of deterioration and ever since that visit i’ve been struggling ever harder to read the small print on tins and packets of food. and when i’m that extra bit tired even the tv guide is starting to be held at arms length.
actuality price tag competitions and recessions have caused most companies to decrease their costs with no notifying their presentday clients.
when hes late coming home from work (and his fingers are apparently broken since he hasnt called to let me know) my first thought is that his car has been reduced to pieces no bigger than a penny and he has gone to meet the flying spaghetti monster in his noodly sauce laden ethereal palace.
whether you’re rich or whether you’re poor
the smoke free work place act petition language was approved for circulation among the electorate by then attorney general jim petro with no proof of the statements made within that petition having been provided for review. see untimely challenge
our challenge is being catered by
some of the characters were familiar to me such as barbie bakugan monster high and anything disney (especially the princesses).
yay i used what just may be one of the cutest stampendous stamps ever its the puppy eyes stamp dont you just love him to death? he comes in wood and cling on the site or you can purchase the wood version at michaels i paper pieced him and his letter and applied the tissue to a precut recollections brand note card. super easy and totally cute i just rounded the corners for a finishing touch
tricky question because i have to take into account my skin colour. in some of the places i would like to travel back in time to i would be chased out of town or shackled into submission. so in order not to spoil my own birthday post i will choose the moment when chopin composed his étude op. no. in c minor known as the revolutionary étude because it was written against the backdrop of the russian invasion of his native poland in . i would like to be in the same room as him see his face and attempt to decipher what was going through his mind as he magicked the score onto paper.
last summer my husband peter my daughter julie and i hiked to this very still and quiet little pond in the white mountains of new hampshire….greeley pond. it was sooo quiet and still….just remarkable.
pour into a greased ″ round baking pan. bake for minutes and let cool completely.
i have also tasted the which was a hotter vintage and the extra ripeness really showed.
ok now for the story of when we found out. i had taken a first response early result on july th nothing popped up after the time limit except the test line. or so i thought through examining it a bit more if i held it to the light i could kinda see another pink line. but i didnt get my hopes up i figured i will just test again on sunday the th the day before af was due. well sunday morning i woke up and went to the bathroom all prepared for another negative and to my dismay the first little pink line came up in less than a minute it was faint at first but at the end of minutes it was a definite positive.
my friend cynthia at nap warden designs is the one to thank for my amazing transformation. ive known her for several years and have always loved her work. and when i met and hung out with her last year at blogher i knew that one day shed be giving me my fresh new look.
never fear friends mediawatch will expose the coverups and obvious slanted news published.
to gary and craig “ham do you like ham?”
evolution is not continual progress it is adaptation but progressives conflate the two. in fact what evolutionary pressure there is on humanity is not inevitably leading to the androgenous world of the feminists; the classless society of marxists or the raceless world of the multiracialists – all types of progressive teleology which try to try to ignore substance the material world and the differences in human bodies.
this weeks challenge apart from the obvious prompt to use the four colours is to use some kind of mesh on your layout.
japanese chicken wings
i debated going to the barn at all since i had a midterm and a video project due today (which of course i saved till the last minute because i dont know how to make videos...makes perfect sense i know). i had to stay up till am to finish that and i woke up at am...and then am...and then am to go over my study guide and run through my flash cards for a few hours before my am exam. to top it off i had a sick feverish boyfriend to look after although he very sweetly made one of my favorite dinners for mescalloped potatoes and breaded chicken. its so good to eat something hearty when the wind sounds like its about going to tear the house down.
i had a request to make this frame as a mothers day present. i used the chomas creations adjustable pen holder for the cricut with a sakura glitter gel pen. i drew the words with the expressionand without removing my mat i replaced the blade to cut shadow around them. because i love all the glitter i then colored in the letters with the glitter pen. these pens color really well
advanced beginnerintermediate pattern. you can find tutorials for stitches by searching the internet.
according to eia weekly report crude inventories grew by . million barrels to . million barrels vs. estimated increase of . million barrels for the week end april.
contains some foul language
() medical school killed my enjoyment of porn. hard to keep a boner when you’re diagnosing all the actor’s stds and skin disorders.
jane here...
raiders of the lost art
clark "oh yes chocolate chips that is definately my secret ingredient"
i met a man who lives in tennessee
in conclusion having a strong online audience can be an amazing tool engaging and interacting with that audience is important not just so they don’t feel ignored but also because it can drive new business. i happen to know a hair stylist that posts her schedule openings and lastminute cancellations to facebook and twitter so her customers can try to slide into those spots or refer other friends that are looking for such a service. ignoring the potential of your online audience does not just do your customers a disservice but it also does your business a disservice by alienating those that you could be utilizing.
i don’t even know where to begin preparing myself for my (grand) kids’ questions. i can just imagine the day when my kid asks “who is glen coco?”
prevagen is widely available at walgreens and rite aid stores as well as local health food stores across america. prevagen can also be purchased through www.prevagen.com or by calling or by visiting their facebook fan page.
 nordic walking – individual and group travel
true the reviews were by and large condescending but when were they not for such an enterprise? and the mockery albeit of a goodnatured sort even extended to the raven household itself as mandy recalls “crucible was very much laughed at by the children he had six by the way for the way in which it resembled our actual home life especially when he banged the dining room table”
heiko’s a highly trained police dog. he’ll put himself at risk to catch armed suspects no matter what the situation — as long as fellow officer mark barnett gives him the command.
"shell not be scared of you" they told me
this morning i checked the overnightnternational email. hema bharadwaj and i have been having an exchange about ganesha because marty did his final project in an eastern religions class on how to set up an altar to ganesha. hema sent a link she liked about the origin of ganesha and some regional variations and symbolism. the final paragraph is this
quick nature note indigo bunting eastern goldfinch and the first fireflies of the season
bag mixed flowers.
my kids totally understand that i have a different surname to them and they don’t question it at all. although i have no doubt my daughter would be delighted if i legally changed my name to dora.
their absence deliberately intended or otherwise illustrates the difficult task the judge faces when he prepares to write his report.
over the years people have asked me how our expat life came about. i have had mixed reactions to my answers. "for heaven sake how could you?" is what one woman said to me as she exclaimed that she would never allow it. i suddenly felt very sorry for her husband. others would gladly pack their bags and be on the next plane out. if presented the opportunity you have to think long and hard about what it means to you and your family. it is not a decision to make lightly and there is no right or wrong answer. it is a personal choice and sometimes you just have to hope you made the right one.
i’ve noticed a bit of an obsession with ghastly or graphic art in recent years particularly on the part of the youth. some of it appeals to me though not in any serious way. the leading subject matter of art such as this seems to be death vampires zombies the living dead being resurrected after death blood sacrifice and other such morbid and dark subjects. i’m not sure where this trend came from but it certainly has been influenced in later years by the twilight movies in particular i am sure. i’ve still not seen one of those films and i can’t imagine i ever will as they simply don’t seem to appeal but i hear the rest of the world is in thrall to the extent of camping out on pavements etc etc to await the release of the latest filmook and it appears an entire subculture seems to have been founded upon the twilight genre.
then we tried to explain what we was doing goin’ out with a mexican lady.
well the tides turned when this friendly neighbor lost his house to foreclosure. i wish that on no one but there are consequences to your actions and he didn’t lose the house to downsizing or a failing economic system. he lost it due to his own erratic and irresponsible behavior. losing his house wasn’t a shock to us but what was a shock is how he moved out. he just left. and not only did he leave behind a crap hole for the bank to deal with he left behind the horse and the two dogs trapped in a pen with no food or hay or water.
yet whose lid is tightly sealed with tar.
“and i just put my coat on” said andrew smiling; raymond noticed him doing this like a gun had just been shot right near his ear; he must have genuinely meant it.
this was because husband had decided to do some ironing and always fills up the water bit to the very top which means he blows the electricity every bloody time he irons. almost. am very slightly exaggerating here but needs must and all that.
off to work. game night tonight. looking forward to it.
imprisoned and his case is not related to the ‘cuban five’. josefina
gloria only years older than i was a pistol. a bigchested hilarious woman who delighted in nothing more than organizing other peoples lives; she worked in a local tourism office and travel agency in the costa brava. i was randomly paired with her and her husband joan through youth for understanding in and lived with them that summer as an exchange student in high school. ours was the brochure exchange experience mostly because we just really liked each other gloria it turned out was a younger catalan version of my grandmother except gloria enjoyed sexier conversations.
in my bioethics class today we talked about disabilities and what constitutes a disability (deep stuff). with ten minutes left my professor decided to touch upon a disorder known as social anxiety disorder and then posed the question “why is shyness a disorder?”
two very minor gripes about an otherwise fascinating and inspiring book
deep within my heart…lies a meellll ohh deee
i don’t always have good days. the past few days have been notsogreat and i haven’t been treating my body in a loving way. let me tell you i sure can feel the difference. but the amazing thing is this is a daybyday hourtohour endeavour. i don’t need to be perfect in loving my body. i just need to do my best.
anyone that saw britain’s got talent last night would have seen little malaki paul break down in tears in the middle of his rendition of listen by beyoncé.
instead of upside down as charted. lets see how
christian troy none of us get out alive. now you can huddle in a group and face it one day at a time or you could be grateful that when your body rubs against someone else’s it explodes with enough pleasure that you can forget even for a minute that you’re only a walking pile of ashes.
how is the ipad considered as an ereader?
i live in an apartment building that is frankly something of an old age home — filled with people in their s s and s. there are days i weary of gray hair and halting gaits but i have also learned to appreciate the deep value of role models especially of older women living well alone.
de it sounds like vern gets his bond on in this book. i’m sure sister grace had a few thoughts on not being a stereotypical spy twinkie sidekick in a bikini. has their relationship changed at all in this book? gotten stronger? more conflicted?
well darling
really i want to have the logic (an invocation of antbuilder with a bunch of classpath and environment setup) in the script as its used for more than just the compilation its also used for running the gwt client and other tasks.
the vienna boys choir
magnolia bark and root are also used occasionally in western herbalism although they are not major healing herbs. at one time magnolia root was used to treat rheumatism and was thought to be superior to quinine in treating chills and fever.
and whisper in her ear
cockney "oooh.. ok.. the data base yeah i think we need to test the connection to the right joint."
once the queen had the sign contract in her hand she knew it was time to grant me the princess vet my own lands. where else to have the royal zoo? the wonderful land of oz
standing like monoliths looking toward the sea
made an electromagnet
waterproofs come next and not word of a lie my favourite cost me six euros from a decathlon store in france. its a brown pertex smock that packs the size of a large sandwich; its featherlite windproof and even supposedly breathable and its cut like a bin bag which means you can slip it over almost anything. theyre available in the uk but any pacamac equivalent will do. of course i wouldnt use this as my only waterproof on a full day in the hills with a threatening sky but for most times when the worst that happens is you get a bit damp before heading to the caff id pack it in preference to coat that cost fifty times more.
i love oceana. their book oceana our endangered oceans and what we can do to save them by ted danson and michael d’orso pushed me on to enrol in this marine biology degree and start from the basics of the physical dynamics of the ocean (it’s hard to save something if you don’t know how it works or what’s wrong with it)
but guess what.....it did.
“labels have nothing to do with what i remember.” i said softly “i have them so they remember their place.” the tour was over so i walked her to the front door and thanked her for visiting. she looked at me with wide eyes and her mouth hung open but she picked up her bag and left without another word. my sister has curly hair that bounces when she walks. i don’t like my sister. she never calls.
we are the bride of christ. as we live with him as our bridegroom the two become one through this most holy union.
we sit in holy judgement condemning those that stray
in old uncle milton’s opinion it is going to take a commitment by a whole new group of private sector individuals operating as public servants to bring our country back to its former status. and freedom must be the foremost solution to every problem that can ever be resolved by our governments. should our public servants ever err let it be on the side of freedom because it is better to be too free than to be not free enough.
youre probably familiar with the kiddie song "my toes my knees my shoulder my head" or maybe the other one that goes "head shoulders knees and toes" and im sure youve got a body part of your baby that you simply adore. my little girl has these chubby cheeks that i cant get enough of. i love to kiss her and sometimes i pinch her cheeks because they are so cute and soft.
earlier in the week i got dragged into a pub to watch the footie and pints of beck’s vier set me back a tenner. a tenner for pints? good gods what’s the world come to? no wonder pubs are going to the wall if they think a viable business is stinging me ten quid for pints.
so let check the features of the new ace of the pack…
if a woman was being physically abused we would tell her don’t let yourself get hit. get out of there. get away from him.
that’s not madonna’s barrier to break. that’s the nfl’s.”
similar to the direct headline this one not only cuts to the chase it informs. this could include a new book release announcement improved cover art a lower price or some special offer for a limited time only. many of you use this style headline from what i can tell reading my own twitterstream full of book promo tweets. ask yourself is this really the best representation of your brand? if it is go forth and announce the news. i suspect however youre using this style tweet because its the easiest to figure out how to write. dont be lazy. brand your tweets authentically.
melissa frances pink hydrangea embellishments
and by next summer i will have worked so hard on losing the baby weight and getting back in shape that i will wear it as a dress as opposed to a top legs bared
life on a film set
the last one is for my best friend who lives away so i only see her a few times a year but she has been my friend for + years so this sentiment is perfect.
if you receive the liebster award follow these five steps
men should make the decisions.
despite warnings i often see on the net i have yet to encounter an instance in which a hold up man called the police to report his intended victim threatened to shoot him. thugs do not want to come into contact with the police. they may already be wanted or realize chances are good they have been identified in a recent robbery. or what ever. they are not going to call the police if you draw on them.
i’ll limit myself to one post a day on this after today but as i’m writing this i’m already over % to target. this faq will be a living post that i’ll add to as people ask things about the project. i’ll let you know when i update it.
happy day to you.
it’s true.
so guess i wont be pretending it anymore
 dr chaouachi restates his earlier view that there is so much fraudulent science relating to tobacco that it should be aggregated and action be taken to bring those who produce it to trial.
“also when i opened up the talking memo feature there is a talking vu meter (for setting audio levels). for sixteen years i have been working in radio and never had anything as easy to use as that talking vu meter.”
ive begun checking her flickr site everyday to see if there is a new fabulously scary piece.
today i did more laundry (i swear for one person i sure do have a lot of loads) and then got ready to meet a friend for a nice walk and chat along a great trail near my house. i even brought sofi along.
 alex
nigel leaned over to rayna after his dad stepped away. “babe i’ll be back before you know it so don’t you go anywhere.” he pecked her on the cheek.
we were told that traditionally the young virgins of the village chewed the root and spit it out instead of mixing it with water straight away. the young men did the initial pounding but you had to be to drink it so the pounders didn’t get to participate in the consumption. women never drank kava. today things are more democratic although the men still seem to far outdrink the women. each village has its own traditions about when another round is served and who can ask for it how to mix it and so on.
labour were in the ascendancy. i remember a trip to westminster on business where a labour mp showed me around the commons. he had the air of a man about to buy the place he waved around the various rooms indicating where theyd be putting new carpets and fresh wall paper. change was tangible the wicked witch was gone and major surely couldnt hang on in the face of blairs appeal to essex man. spurred on by the death of john smith mp labour were in prime position to grab a record seats in scotland a couple of years time.
alongbine then jean would remove your equipment and she wouldn’t think twice lmao
a rare scent best for evening and special occasions.
good for you josh on behalf of all us mums whove never worked a day in their lives thankyou. your mum must be so goddamn proud of the job shes done.
the most recent one was about lazy magnolias indian summer spiced ale. they really like it. but what struck me most was when paul leone talks about how great it is that there are more choices for summer beers by craft brewers now he admits to once drinking miller lite during the warmer months. of course he knew even before uttering the words that he was out of line.
this song is from their goodnight my love album from written by drummer jack greenbach along with mel larson and jerry marcellino who later wrote and produced records for michael jackson and the jackson five.
bottom elise joshua
now a popular website being bought out isn’t a particularly news worthy thing on its own. this buyout takes on a slightly different edge when you consider this. jeff gerstmann worked at gamespot but ‘left’ after a whole affair involving gerstmann’s review for kane and lynch. now with this news today gerstmann will be working for gamespot once again. funny old world eh?
if you are very easily offended or get mad at crude humor that you might label as inappropriate then this might not be for you. it definitely isn’t for the kids. if you like to laugh and don’t mind the occasional fart joke this will probably be right up your alley.
i am going to be "recyclable" for halloween. so im going to take the needle and thread and sew the bottles and cans to my clothing along my arms and legs and maybe a few on my torso. then i will crumble up newspaper and stapleape it to myself all over the place. on top of that im going to try and make some sort of helmetask out of a card board box.
writing a daily blog?
bloomberg denied responsibility and pacific crest owner matt hewitt wouldn’t identify his client. jonathan trichter who runs the pace poll told the politicker that it was likely “a special interest group” trying to figure out whom to endorse. though ferrer at that point had only expressed qualms about atlantic yards—his stated opposition was announced late in the campaign—it’s just as likely that forest city ratner paid for that poll.
my mum wants me to ring the crisis team. they know too much about me and documented it wrong. they can twist anything and i’ve already pissed them off.
owner joe chirico is expanding now. the fratelli space now bears a sign that says "marco polo take out" with brick oven pizza and panini featured. could be a good option for neighborhood folks who dont have the time to sit down for two hours however pleasant.
be saved
this is the view from our holiday home looking over some of the whitsunday islands back towards mainland australia. can you see the dark patches in the water?? that is just a small part of the coral reefs that are all throughout the area
this is no longer an arab spring about democracy and human rights. its a world wide cover up to distract everyone’s attention on life threatening issues. russia is an oil producer just like saudi arabia and they have shown great support to the assad regime while not showing any support to other arab countries. china also supports assad and both countries have vetoed un resolutions against syria while europe is focused on the middle east to cover up their own economical problems and the us arent completely honest about their stand against iran. so if you really think about it the middle east is the center of a major war that will happen some time but the question is when it will actually happen.
for our first stop we headed over to lynn canyon. this had been my favorite of all of our previous vancouver explorations. the old growth forests waterfalls and suspension bridge got the same sort of "wow" from grammy and pa that we had given them
but will it help me if i am "a little odd"? im not denying that i may be though surely noone ever regards themselves as odd? its the other folk who are all a bit strange isnt it? especially if they dont invent dialogue in their heads have conversations with imaginary people and suddenly glaze over in the middle of talking to other real people.
we saw thrown from the hayloft door
and her insides coiled.
the way the new touch based interface works in windows is the reason why microsoft is focusing more on edge to edge response for the touch screens. to bring up features like search tools called ‘charms’ and several other features for the users windows has multiple edge swipes. microsoft will not approve subpar touch screens from vendors who sell windows tablets and touch based devices and will be actively inspecting all the designs before they go to the market.
suas newsnotes that the purpose of this new approach is to develop nonlethal warhead which will be deployed on miniature precision munitions such as lethal miniature aerial munition system (lmams). lmams is a small soldiercarried soldierlaunched loitering precision munitions system which is organic at the small unit level. lmams aim to offer soldiers a portable nonlineofsight precision strike capability against stationary or moving individuals. with lmams soldiers will have a system capable of achieving high precision effect from covert positions with a low risk of collateral damage.
clearly accusations of western involvement in russia’s opposition where every prominent leader has documented ties to the us state department and its various subsidiaries are more than just kremlincontrolled propaganda. it is the demonstrative truth and it is indeed the western media spreading unsubstantiated lies regarding russian politics spun from compromised ngos like golos and viewed through the prism of usfunded and backed opposition leaders like boris nemtsov vladimir ryzhkov and alex navalny.
i found this color combo in a recent better homes and gardens magazine and fell in love. its nothing that i would have picked on my own but am happy i was able to translate beautiful colors inside a home to a fun card.
on the sixth day of my trip i visited a retired schoolmarm in a town called serendipity. she wants to write them dime novels too. i told her my favorite places to write. miss viv liked my books so much that she rushed out to the local stationer & bought a passel of ’em. not my dime novel i hasten to add. my writers’ notebooks.
i have been away from organizing for a while. i have been blogging occasionally on my weight loss blog and my blog for ellie but i missed the household stuff blogging. here is a quick organization that i did in like half an hour.
you cant make this stuff up
on the patio agave scallop ceviche white corn tortilla cone slow roasted cabrito "cigar" la bandera z blanco sea salted lime housemade sangrita
well a wish of mine has always been to experience one night as a lady. like attend a ball and all. i really hope itll come true
“the average is the borderline that keeps mere men in their place. those who step over the line are heroes by the very act. go.”
i havent decided if ill outright murder him or torture him first for hurting this little girl. there might be more to learn from the torture bit. we shall see how much he pisses me off in the course of the writing.
and then we went on to chardonnay
how i longed for so many years to see again god’s gathering freely led by the holy spirit rather than by human domination.
sour grapes?
matthew byrne who ran the young persons advisory service in liverpool was initially charged with five offences but now faces a further nine offences.
the good greatsby recently got fired from his job on the paradise cruise liners for causing a shipwide panic when he was overheard saying “captain’s been eaten by the octopus who lives in the toilets which wouldn’t be so bad if the octopus didn’t decide to take over as the ship’s new captain” moral don’t believe everything you hear especially if it involves a toiletdwelling octopus.
make sure you check out the new items page at ihp. and if you already have some new stuff and want to play along with us just upload it to the scs or pcp gallery with the keyword ihp.
today’s announcements have confirmed what many in sportscar racing circles had long suspected. lotus has signaled its intention to join the evergrowing list of lmp and gt chassis manufacturers announcing plans to build lmp gt and gt chassis.
congrats donna
“i know a lot of people are concerned that they will fall in love and they won’t be able to let go of the animal. bu if you are really focused on the fact that you’re saving lives it’s much easier. a little heartbreak on our end is worth it to save their lives” said sunshine richards the foster coordinator for the bedford humane society. for full story go here.
i however am not. did you know that i have count em tools that would be considered "desirable" for anyone who loves to cook?
how is your day lining up? are you in the game of life running around and trying to find the ball when all the time the lord is saying “hey i have it right here in my hand. come and get it”? you run right by him and and pray “god why can’t i find that ball?” (am i the only one who has done this?)
so off i go to google largest numbers and we are learning about googol googolplex grahams number large number notation exponentiation tetration.
in north america every supermarket as soon as you enter got a whole array of fruits and vegetables of all colors and descriptions; some cut some squeezed and some still on the bunch or vine. in georgetown you can’t find fresh food anymore. the ppp disband all the trading groups and etb and give to their friends licenses to money launder and cover their drug deals. also the plenty colors the riot of colors have all been limited. the only time you see color in gt is when you look at minibuses after an accident; you see blood. that is not good enough.
in my old griefs and with my childhood’s faith.
included are sea salt mixtures (i found sea salt at my dollar tree) copycat montreal grill seasoning tuscan spiced salt and jerrys texas barbecue rub recipe.
day april 
at ease in the moment
happy easter to you all this is a card i made with crafty secrets "spring" set i also used papertrey inks embossing plate called "picnic plaid" for the background and the i used laurens mtme fresh fabric collection dp which is digital and can be used again and again and again.i cut it with my pinking shears...lots of colors too i placed glitter dots at the bottom...and that is that )
. nobody knows you (when youre down and out)
before the policy’s cash value is completely exhausted suggest that with a new terml product the cash value from his “under water” policy may be enough to purchase an equal amount—or even more coverage with a guaranteed death benefit (dependent on his health classification).
john and i were awakened at a.m. the other night not by the whoopwhoopwhoop of the helicopter overhead or the flashing lights of the emergency vehicles all around the property or even the low drone of the fire engine in our driveway. no it was a phone call from our neighbor.
but now i find myself saying flat instead of apartment mobile instead of cell phone cash point instead of atm rubbish instead of garbage pudding instead of dessert and on and on. it cant be helped.
implementing the manifesto
understanding that when others try my patience
the new system where only vegetarian meals are offered to muslims was introduced towards the end of last year.
and now for a look at thanks bee to thee click on the links to see the full reveal of the cards (and tag) created by our wonderful design team and guest designers some of whom have followed the birthday theme challenge. enjoy
you would mirror forth at once
the sutherland shire is one of sydney’s better known areas for a variety of historical geographical and social reasons. it extends from illawong to kurnell to waterfall to lucas heights and covers an area of square kilometres with a population of approximately . the sutherland shire area was originally inhabited by the dharawal people but became known as the sutherland shire in named after a scottish seaman forbes sutherland.
this doesnt mean that we no longer need sponsorship quite the opposite every penny you donate now will help us increase our chances of reaching mongolia alive which is a pretty good cause i think youll agree.
mean or defaming comments – comments that hurt and scar. i simply don’t understand how some people can be so mean so calculating so slanderous. cruelty doesn’t make sense to me. and don’t get me started on liars.
spellbinders dies
lady christina fairhaven is an adoptive daughter but has considered her family to be her true family. christina goes on with life as she finds out that her beloved brother has been killed and now is getting blackmailing letters saying he is a life and did something wrong. but life gets even stranger for christina when she has a captain coming to her door claiming she is an heiress to a duke her grandfather.
and if she tempts you with her charms
the cash issue becomes a governance question. this is shareholder money with no clear purpose. shareholders to date have been delighted with iphones and ipads. but lets face it the market is not going to let this dead money stick around on the balance sheet forever.
but today as on those other days delia cannot make herself say this. even if she could she knows that mr plummer would probably take no notice and make her anyway. so she doesnt speak. trembling from that hand at her bottom delia meekly does what she has to. it is another test supposedly selfdiscipline rather than concentration this time. she must raise her skirt up round her waist. standing quite still and straight high heels together she must lift the short skirt up to her waist and thereby display what is underneath. which is only that suspender belt plus the brief weblike knickers.
solomon was a ladies man and had over wives.
this isnt to say next time she wont pitch a fit for no understandable reason but it is certainly a step in the right direction.
oh look another beach next stop was grand cayman. adam and i were beach fiends this trip. we just hung out at seven mile beach and did a little shopping right before we got back on the ship. this beach was lovely but i swear ive been to prettier ones at this same port on previous cruises.
while supplies last
buenas noticias – yesterday we had a big storm in northern california. i casually mentioned in the staff room that i needed new tires and low and behold today there are two tire coupons in my box. i love my staff. oh and did i mention i have an ultrasound scheduled for tomorrow whoo hoo
 for $
) get (and mail) cardift for friend in hospital.
nokia has announced it will begin rolling out the nokia pureview cameraphone in select markets in may. the finnish mobile giant also announced that india and russia will be the first two markets to get the pureview on retail shelves.
in step tim spritzed water on his colored tag; i misted a solid stamp and pressed it to the glossy tag. cool huh? this particular stamp looks a bit like clouds floating in the sky.
the pacific gbhs have been nesting on the edge of stanley park for several years very close to the built up part of downtown vancouver. it is a magical sight with dozens of nests; the trees are immense deciduous trees. i will let the pictures tell their story.
the galaxy s iii is full but yet slim with only .mm thick and weighs gms even if it has the largest display screen on its category at .inches. iphone s on the other hand is at .mm thick and weighs gms with screen size at . inches(diagonal).
. the masters empire 
we have a little courtyard so he isnt actually visible from the street and so far from my window observings he just sits on the front step for a while and eventually knocks on the door for reentrance and has almost always found his helpful side.
ok part neither naughty nor nice. but knitting. as in more legwarmers and lets add some fingerless gloves to complete the look. wear around town esp at your childrens schools.
“yeah it’s got some great speakers and talkers and peoples and stuff but it’s also going to be like a high school reunion for people you wish you went to high school with that you talk to on the internet.
i grew up not knowing most of my family i knew them by reputation only and their reputations proceeded them. so compelling were their reps that though i didnt even know them still they had a great influence on me. they were always with me.... i had no faces to attach to them scarcely any memories to go with them only the stories. and the stories werent many but they were very intriguing but my mom refused to talk about her family so i didnt ask.
all homoerotic japery aside these are fearsomely gorgeous devices. however as you’ve probably gathered i’m not the biggest fan of the man depicted above or the insidious evil his fruity empire has wrought upon the digital landscape. jokes about apples and the garden of eden almost write themselves…but just in case they require assistance
psalm when he falls he will not be hurled headlong because the lord is the one who holds his hand. i have been young and now i am old yet i have not seen the righteous forsaken or his descendants begging bread.
the landshut one is my favourite of the pair. it’s executed in the most basic blueongrey salt glaze technique that they used before fullcolour screen printing came into vogue and is pretty rough in texture. at a guess i’d say it dates from the s or earlier. the salvator mug is clearly much newer as it’s in colour. the old salvator logo is used though so this can’t be any later than the s or s.
what are some fun facts about you?
i dont blush. but i thought perhaps id do a rosycheeked look because i thought itd pair well with my hourglass lip stain. it all came together for one of those freshfaced looks. i think. im not sure. i kept the eye makeup minimal and pinktoned with winged liner. i tried to beat my brows into some semblance of good behavior and added generous amounts of pink blush. i think i need to do more looks like this just for going out. the hourglass lip stain is one of my absolute favorites and i need to showcase it more often.
share a quote from the book.
once upon a time people were given hope chests.
my endless lovethirst.
a correct sketch of the life of the deceased would fill a volume of stirring interest. he was among the number who sought our inviting shores as a refuge from the wrongs and oppressions of the old world during the first few years of the present century. we believe he was a native of the city of hamburg and served in the wars of europe first against the french but being made prisoner afterwards espoused the cause of napoleon and served through several campaigns up to the battle of austerlitz at which place we believe it was he was severely wounded. he then returned to france and married a wife in the city of lyons. he has resided in this county for twentythree or four years.
the photo is of my workspace in my studio. well... half of it. the other is just as big and just as filled. the window is a north window. i like a mix of natural light and artificial for color choices so i spend most of my time at this desk.
that was easy. the answer was definitely ‘no’ to that one. i assumed they gave no sort of a shit even for a second much like myself who just wanted to read this same sentence while i waited for the doctor to call me up and tell me that my father was going to live another day. wisely enough – i still believe this now – i kept my mouth shut. but i stared at her. trying to figure out why i knew her. i don’t think she even noticed. she had found her lighter and was smoking again staring off into space and occasionally shaking her head at the thought of her apathetic coworkers.
tracks october 
according to former insiders who were responsible for miscavige’s study time not only has he refused any kind of auditing for the last years he also refused to study with other students in the staff course room. he refuses to do official courses but prefers to just listen to random taped lectures.
by the time i leave i’m ready to take a long nap but alas i have arranged to meet my colleague vicki for lunch at a mall near the opera house. we meet for a nice lunch of sushi and then i head to muscat city center for some shopping. i have three things on my list today a pair of sunglasses a black handbag and a dress appropriate to wear to the opera house next time i go. i come away with out of the items on my list; i’m left emptyhanded on the dress.
i am not sure whether our personalities are that explicitly interwoven into our albums. anyway i dont really care if you understand our lyrics or not. i dont think it is necessary. in iceland for example the reactions are not different than elsewhere in the world. it just depends on how the music touches you.
harrison fordommy lee jones (the fugitive)
“the sat variant is new to the region meaning that animals do not have any acquired resistance to it.”
they are very waxyily so you can lay down the color very thickly looking much like gouache paints.
of course it is easy to point fingers at the current administration and president bush and i notice that many are doing that. i don’t know enough about american domestic politics to have any informed opinions but my feeling from watching the news is that the aftermath of this disaster could have been handled better. just the same as the swedish government could have handled the winter storm better as well as the response to the tsunami that claimed the lives of a lot of swedish tourists on vacation in thailand.
it’s all coming back again.
it was an "open secret" he had indulged in at least one fling with a female police officer according to reports.
i have been trying out so many new recipes ever since i started doing bountiful baskets. i have to use everything in my basket so i have been cooking a lot more and eating a lot more healthy.
when an album badges and brands itself as music for mentalists you know youll be stepping a toe into a moral minefield of musical doings. piley and i were first given the nudge on this one from dan (the bacon man). its an album cocompiled by nick saloman of the bevis frond gathering together a black museum of oddities and curios from middling slebs reginald bosanquet jim bowen david carradine unknown but bizzaro bods linda jarman martin harvey mavin james. and john colliers saturday night suit.
till last by philip’s farm i flow
what if anything would you do differently if you could go back and do this study again?
more to come but i am off to the woodlot for opening weekend with my family. time to wash vacuum rearrange plant and breathe the fresh spring air ahhhhhh. trillium season in our woods and the lake will be very still. email me for details if you are interested or visit my web site www.luckystonestudio.com
she kept trying to get my attention and with all i had going on it wasnt easy. she was nearly in tears before i finally gave her my full attention and asked her what she wanted to say. with teary eyes she said "mom i was just wondering if it would be okay if i went outside with you so i could cheer you on as you run." she seriously melted my heart.
brooks calls people who do this “creative monopolists.” because you’ve approached things in a new way everyone has to come to you in order to partake in this innovation. you make yourself the only game in town. then you only have to compete with yourself by making your product better and setting the trends. everyone who jumps on board later will always have to play catchup to you.
robert tessier as thor
so with that in mind–and something that you are probably not as remotely interested in as i am–here are your friday favorites
. relieves fatigue water is used by the body to help flush out toxins and waste products that the body doesn’t need. if your body lacks of water your heart will need to work a lot harder to pump out the oxygenated blood to all cells. same goes for the rest of your vital organs your organs will be exhausted and so will you.
dare i suggest this is the local "wooderson"? he doesnt look quite as cool as matthew mcconaughey but im still gettin that vibe.
internalize the joy of others. i pray that god will help me learn to do what jack did…. to find my own joy in the joy of others. i want to relish other people’s happiness regardless of my own circumstances like jack did. my beloved nephew jack was unimaginably selfless for a year old. jack found the secret to lasting joy. borrow it from others and keep it forever.
one of express scripts clients is tricare which is the health and prescription drug program for americas military service men and women. during negotiations walgreens offered express scripts an ironclad guarantee that their prices would match or beat the average costs per adjusted prescription of all other pharmacies in the tricare network. they did this in effort to prevent our countys military personnel from being caught in the middle. express scripts continues to refuse to negotiate a separate contract for the benefit of the tricare program and its beneficiaries.
"i do but theyre not all gods."
wednesday and thursday was more of a normal school situation. we tried to catch up with the things wed neglected this week. on friday we did our school work then spent the afternoon at the beach.
i stood up unsure of what to do or where to go. my memory told me that deserts had landmarks like a cactus here and there or mountains in the distance. i could see nothing but flat empty sand. i picked a direction and started walking still unsure what purpose this dream was serving…if it was a dream. it felt so real but surely no place on earth could be so barren or still. as i walked my mind wandered. what else does one do in a place with no one to talk to and nothing to look at?
very long and balanced with elegance and structure needs years or so for the oak to fully integrate though – points.
after a short hiatus turned into a much much longer one and after a few months of living an (unexcusable) life free from blogging but consumed by working the blog is back in business. a big "thank you" to everyone that continued to send emails during the break and i hope to reconnect with everyone in the months to come. new posts will be coming soon and i hope to be firing on all cylinders by next week.
i have a meeting tomorrow. have brought along a packet of tim tams for afternoon tea.
few garments wed style and function as tightly as a cycling cap. the germ of the idea for these caps was probably formed over a hundred years ago as a cyclist crested one of the french alps heading east early in the am. wanting to keep the sun out of her eyes but not wanting to obscure her field of vision unnecessarily she would have rushed home to sew a cap with a curt brim. it blocks the sun but it doesnt stop the world from seeing your beautiful face. another bonus is that the hat prevents painful pate sunburns for balding individuals.
i dont have a very visual imagination. this is a problem when trying to decide what colour to paint your kitchen (yellow like anne sexton) and also when trying to imagine what a medieval peasant girls house looks like.
his new goal now that hes 
and today years later he still has me.
i’ve learned … that the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person.
the slumbering giant has awoken
hitchcock’s final film and one of his most horrifying. the necktie killer is stalking london strangling unsuspecting woman with you guessed it a necktie. this film features one of the most disturbing scenes of rape and murder ever put on film at least up until when this movie was released.
gd i think i am a man with ‘ changes’ because each time when you see me you will find something different.
then come and serve me from here unto the east.
...and this interesting video on the bc civil liberties associations decision to demonize certain protesters (i liked this video because i felt the guy they talked to has some very important things to say).
babe paley and truman capote.
pandemonium is a poignant explosive recklessly romantic and utterly heartbreaking novel. like delirium the first in the compelling trilogy it will take you to the very edge. thats all you need to know. well let lena do the rest of the talking..."
hey guys we have our photoshoot on wednesday so i am not gonna be posting until friday unless i find time (which i probably wont) so have a good week and wish us luck... its gonna be a fantastic shoot
mobile 
the flavors come together with a correct balance of seasonings. (your tastebus will tell you if more seasonings are needed.)
the carapace.
day – facts
a vintage statue of mary adorned with old rosary beads. next to her a photo of myself as a little girl.. with bits that are part of me a garnet some rocks from cornwall a hag stone from gemma a soul sister a feather gifted me from a magpie. i am sure mary can go into the past and help to heal traumas and sadness.. nothing is impossible.
she looked at him in surprise. “i didn’t know you could draw”
annemarie reminded me broadly of cathy cassidy and yet still managed to do something fresh and her own with the genre. when i read most writers’ efforts in this area i end up cringing; all too tryhard and faux cool. annemarie felt like the real deal albeit with work still to do in terms of shaping. but it’s always the potential that grabs me. and that’s why i signed annemarie as my client
it started as so many things do with a conversation on twitter. a chat about the difference between teen books and young adult which morphed into a wider debate about american and british books and spawned a hashtag ukya.
dayplanner and resource for guelph women. i interviewed twelve women who had achieved success on their own terms. our then police chief lenna bradburn was one of those women. we discussed the future of policing and it gave me ideas. previously my interest in the future was a couple of centuries ahead specifically the rd century of the star trek universe. now i looked at real life projections for the next few decades and i started building the world
this bunch of dead people return a lot faster than usual and so francesco and gnaghi are kept busy putting down the zombie scouts. they also have to deal with claudio’s girlfriend who has heard the rumour that the dead come back to life and she refuses to leave his grave. claudio was buried with his motorbike and when he returns he does so riding his bike. francesco can’t manage to shoot him and can’t do anything to stop his girlfriend riding off with him. when he catches up with them francesco shoots claudio but the bullet ricochets and kills his girlfriend too. francesco think he could be in trouble but decides to bury the girl in claudio’s grave anyway.
massive cm punk chant before the intros.
many ngo’s working for the elderly like the help age india claim that the reports of abuses and neglect have gone up in recent times. most of them say that children turn abusive once the family property has been signed over. then the ” use” of aging parents is over and hence the anger abuse and neglect.
help came the next day to get the group out of the school. at the time students were missing. some had left after the earthquake before the tsunami. one child was found alive three days later in the water holding on to a board.
after another room service feast we slept late on our last morning refusing to give up our romantic getaway. we checked out at the last possible moment – the boat was anchored waiting for us – before heading back to the airport and on to bali for the last week of the trip.
my old it teacher at college once told me something i have never forgotten
so when you have a wdidn moment remember to take a few moments before responding so that you can help your kids learn through trial and error. have you had one of those moments lately?
"the baptism flannery oconnor" was accepted into the saag national show. i am very pleased because i was worried it wouldnt make it in. pieces were selected out of entries. if you followed the week of blogging called "the process" you know that i hope to win a prize. well see. now that it is in i can rework some areas i think are weak like her hands and the water. in general just make what i already have be as good as i can get it before the judge sees it in person. that show opens in october.
they are not finished here but show the progress. i did all hand embroidery where val lairds pattern as some really cute applique. i added beads and buttons to fancy it up a little.
and material choice.
this moment snaps you out of your perpetually irritable human coma and reminds you of why you keep going even when you dont want to. it makes you stop and say wow those are my kids.
back to work tomorrow and im finally feeling almost myself again. the cough is almost gone but more importantly my ability to breath is returning to me. i had a week where i felt like i was breathing around a plastic tube lodged in the base of my throat. im not % but getting there.
warning 
you see for me the act of being that active does something horrible to my appetite. the stimulation is so much that i am ravenous and all the food that i consume counters out all the work i do. so for now i aint gonna do anything more strenuous than
hsieh hg loong cc lui wy chen a lin cy.
around a.m. the whole parade moves back to kolky and we walk to the bridge about minutes away. the entire class watches the sunrise and celebrate with more champagne and some sleepy cheering. i was exhausted but joined in on the fun until i blined straight to bed around a.m.
amys card is brilliantly cas love the olive orange and blue together and i thought it was clever the way the clouds run off the side of the card.
today is a big day. today you become dangerous. today you are declaring war. you have spent years learning about your weapon the sword of the spirit the word of god. you have learned all about it. you’re not experts yet but you’ve got the basics. today you’re getting out of boot camp and joining the war effort. you chose as your class verse psalm . it says “even though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death i will fear no evil for you are with me; your rod and your staff they comfort me.” and that is your rallying cry as you move to the battlefront. today i tell you be dangerous to do that recognize that you are invading hostile territory. also trust your general.
alright onto the actual discussion of gay marriage gay marriage vs. civil unions dod antigay marriage amendment to the constitution etc.
that there’s not an arby’s located in my home town.
and what lives when it dies and dies when it lives? the characters in this drama?
when i was a senior in high school i bought tickets to see rem. i spent a good $ of my money on a general admission ticket and this was years ago. my love affair with michael stipe and peter buck began on a plane somewhere between san francisco and salt lake city. i was meeting my family for a ski trip in utah and i had the out of time cassette playing over and over in my yellow walkman sport which was held together with a large blue rubber band.
i never made it to a soviet drunk tank despite the best efforts of friends and colleagues but a couple of my fellow students in voronezh were once called upon to bail out "major" farid bouaouni an algerian situationist shepherd who looked like major easy.
i took my hair out of its rat nest of a bun and ...
we have added our crimson coating to the collection of paint we noticed on the parking lot ramp and our car now wears with pride its peruvian battle scars.
the important thing that is usually forgotten soon after someone is released is that human rights are always tenuous there; they just overreached this time by arresting someone who is too famous. now people are starting to remember that they regularly arrest those who are not protected by their celebrity. i think you are right that by releasing ai the government expected praise but really all they got was a begrudging acknowledgment that they had finally done the right thing. never mind that the prc claims ai owes them $. million in "tax."
i have a disconnect between what i see in the outside world and how i see myself. i look in the mirror and i think “not too bad. not perfect but not bad.” i like myself and for the most part i like the way i look. however the scale and my clothing are reminders i need to lose some serious weight and last month i finally listened. i’m on a good path and i’ve dropped pounds so far. again not bad. i’ve cut sugar from my diet i’ve been feeling increasingly strong. most shockingly i’m actually enjoying working out. i put on my loose(r) pants and head out of the house knowing all of this wearing my confidence like a musthave accessory.
sullen zantric carefully gathered up brother vang’s prone form and was joined by the dwarves as the felled crusader was carried clear from the carnage; a solemn hymn was begun with the others soon joining in prayer over the selfless servitor of iomedae. with brother vang’s continual sacrifices and fearless dedication to his fellows a chord had been struck; sent forth from the mortal coil brother vang felt himself surrounded by a familiar comforting warmth before receiving a touch upon his brow and a reassuring clasp upon his shoulder.
title on sand island (a golden kite honor book)
i’m actually glad that i didn’t post right away. i’ve learned quite a bit about this company since then and i wouldn’t have done it justice. if you have been to the penzeys stores or been the recipient of their catalogs you may already be aware that the company has a commitment to the idea of kindness. to paraphrase the kindness works section in the catalog penzeys believes that many people cook as an act of kindness towards their loved ones. and this kindness helps to make a better world one meal at a time.
i do some critiquing online and there seems to be one particular item that permeates the work of many writers. this is the passive voice. i’ll admit it’s easy to put yourself in the passive voice. perhaps it seems easier to write this way. i honestly don’t know and i don’t pretend to understand. what i do know is that it effects your writing negatively
up in my neighborhood we have these wonderful paths through the woods that covers about miles
microwave for approximately seven minutes.
keeping my prayers of comfort for the renz and the emerson family. she will be truly missed...rest in peace my dear sweet katie...heaven is lucky to have an angel like you xo
second story i was looking into getting a new remote control for my tv. on boxing day i went onto the future shop online store. i found the remote i wanted on sale great i went to place my order but the website wouldn’t recognize my postal code. my wife and i moved into our house about a year ago. okay… new house new area new postal code… i’ve never had any trouble with this before from other online stores so i picked up the phone and called future shop customer support. the lady said that she couldn’t take my order because i was giving the incorrect postal code. i explained that the postal code was real. she responded again by saying “i guess we can’t help you then. thanks for calling future shop” and then she hung up.
well they claim to have made the first beer without malted barley just as bards tale has said. well i dont really care who was the first. new grist is my absolute favorite of the three. it is very light and refreshing and they do a good job at making it taste most like an actual malted barley beer. i have read other reviews where people have just ripped it and i dont get it. yea it may not have the flavor of an imperial stout but they did a great job of making something flavorful for the gluten intolerant crowd and i commend them for it.
and in real politics plaid has had a leader to ignore for the last years.
h’s chancellor we need to talk to you about northern rock.
. the markers will bleed out as you color with them since fabric is so absorbent. to avoid this just heat up the fabric before coloring and the alcohol will evaporate quicker causing less bleed.
it was time. ariela reinforced her decision as she walked to the old corn crib. this needs to be done … now. it should have been done the night they arrived.
adult workers have significant time constraints and varying learning situations that make taking the osha training course online particularly valuable
if anyone is out there i would love to hear what your top movies are in your netflix queue. a lot of people do this with music on their blogs and i find it a great way to discover new and exciting songs so im trying it with movies.
 teaspoon crushed celery seed
if you have time please swing over to my submission and post your commentspinions on the matter.
his face is hidden in gloomtinted grey
i am now scheduling a month tour for echo falls by jaime mcdougall
this age is i know just a precursor to the teen years to come. as frustrating as certain moments can be i treasure this time. yes he is halfgrown but if the glimpses that i see of the man he may become prove true he will grow to be a man of worth. that is what i hope someday to see.
fear of rejection is the single tallest impediment to a writer’s forward momentum and possible success. for years i wrote volumes without submitting it to anyone anywhere. once i tentatively began submitting i experienced rejection just like everyone else does and i survived. yet every time i am faced with an unopened email i do battle with myself again. i tell myself “hey you survived the last rejection you lived to write again.” then a very small voice squeaks out some truly terrifying words “maybe it’s not a rejection?” dear god who had the nerve to say that?
last night was our monthly quilt guild meeting and we were fortunate to have a sales rep from sulky® as our featured guest. eric actually lives right down the road from where we meet in port charlotte
yards away the water boiled as the old bull found the floating body of the first scout. the second scout snapped his head in the direction of the noise just in time to see his fellow scout’s body drug under the water in the gator’s death roll. the scout’s rifle moved to his shoulder almost without thought. pitcher tensed his muscles in preparation for his attack.
hofmeyr is currently investigating more than cases of questionable contracts and conflicts of interestvalued at more than $ million. the worst theft he said takes place at the local government level where there wasnt that much oversight.
the frozen donkey wheel $
she always stands alone
the next morning i got a text message saying “it is a long time until friday….” i replied “my feeling also”. he ‘phoned and we moved the date up to the next evening. i arrived at mes amis to find him leaning against the doorpost in his now familiar position. he looked so handsome and dashing….
blogger still wont let me add or subtract urls to my blogroll anyone else having this problem? things used to be so eay on blogspot right? what happened? have i missed some prime directive? did i miss a dues payment? am i remiss? (or maybe i need to cut back on the caffeine ok i think that might be part of my problem right now...)
traci heim who was the reason why we had our mulligan stew and jack was sitting at our feast alongside her precious treasures because i could not leave my precious jack out traci who knew that their family didnt qualify for him or they would have rowed across the ocean to get him... traci who broke down and cried for one lonely little boy and god used those tears to break down the walls of resistance and fear for one family who is now calling jack their son.
the hovis trader
feta or goat cheese (for garnish)
oh and i have days to try and even out this horrid tshirt tan i seem to have acquired unknowingly. so paul and i popped into boots to get some advise (ok i actually may have dragged him. possibly kicking and screaming but thats neither here nor there).
. with motor running drop garlic into a food processor and finely chop. add ginger and finely chop.
green very funny. say billion dollars.
my sister still makes prizes for little boys and girls; she runs a preschool. as for the boys and girls who swam and ran and jumped at that first pleasant lake olympiad they now have children of their own. a few weeks ago i watched the latest crop of young athletes run jump swim and collect their prizes. no one stayed up all night sewing little ribbons but the competitive spirit was still strong and thrill that comes from victory was still there.
and sleeping alone in the tent felt perfectly comfortable. something did wake me up around in the morning and i lay awake for a while wondering if the end was in sight. but i eventually fell back asleep. once it got light i could see what the noise was
in addition to being the first sock ive done on round needles its also my first toeup sock yay for new techniques.
i will probably fly again at some point but it isn’t something that i look forward to doing. the point of relaxation does not begin at the airport but probably a day after you have reached your destination. is it worth it? i’ve always thought it was but as time goes on i think more about it. i was so very lucky to see so many countries when i was a kid i know i didn’t appreciate it then. it will never be the same and that is one dreadful loss. i’m glad my dad is no longer on this earth to witness travel the way it is now he would be horrified as those of us who remember “the good old days” are.
for women revenue numbers were not as good as for men at either nonemployer or employer firms. at the more economically important employer firms average revenues at maleowned businesses increased . percent in real terms from to as opposed to . percent for womenowned businesses.
peanut butter………. and jelly
so while saturated colors pop against the enveloping black background what is really going on here is a rigid formalist exercise in the alignment of shape and space a bit reminiscent of the work of barbara kasten. sharp edges arc and slash across the layers of mirror creating clean geometries and crisp shadows that cross invisible depths. squared off forms are broken into jagged jutting slivers and fragments. tiny remnants of tape and paper reflected in the mirrors are subtle evidence of labattes painstaking process while perfect gradients offer unanswered technical questions. this simmering jumble of overlapping colors is actually very carefully controlled chaos.
adam sang the foo fighters classic with guitar after struggling to find confidence and noted this was his key issue. will acknowledged his effects and lighting behind to set the tone for the rock anthem though adam grew in confidence his lacking style was apparent.
for the sake of documentation here are screenshots of my research site and this blog a few days ago. my research site now differs slightly as i made a bit of a mess of the upgrade and i haven’t completely fixed the customisation again.
luckily we came away mostly unscathed. my daughter is tickfree. being such it’s time to go prepare the lovely rotisserie chicken that the mister was kind enough to pick up from the grocery store for me.
now i live in leamington spa in warwickshire. an attractive town but about as far away from the sea as you can get. i was about to say not particularly inspiring but then i realised that i have used bits of the town the cafes shops the streets the parks river houses etc. etc. in my books. my latest this is not forgiveness is set in a town very like it not exactly the same of course i would find that too restricting but not dissimilar. its an unexceptional town where ordinary people live so if you are writing a book about ordinary people i guess it helps to live and write about somewhere that is easily recognisable ubiquitous even. thats what i tell myself anyway.
your pal bobnoxious
she strived to have nice things all her life.
once we begin to explore with a true heart and purity of intention to really listen to the words jesus gave us we begin to realize there is more to religious education than adherence to the law of any given faith. jesus gave us examples of gentleness and humility as well as strength of character when he stands up to reaffirm that the kingdom of god is within our hearts that we are made of the divine stuff of the creator that we are made of stardust breathed on by the holy spirit.
on to more finishes
in his essay “the twelve men” chesterton points out that a distressing paradox in our world is that “the more a man looks at a thing the less he can see it”. in other words the more familiarity we have with something the less likely we are to appreciate its significance. the posters and paintings that we hang on our dorm wall soon become invisible to us. class material that at first excites our interest often loses its appeal as the semester drags on. family members that we love and admire soon get taken for granted. in various ways our familiarity with the world robs us of the wonder that it initially instilled in us.
" title"mensusa">mensusa blazers are usually of a different color than that of the pair of trousers you wear. you can also wear collarless tshirts inside instead of shirts when you plan to wear a blazer. suits upper coat is always the same color as that of the pair of trousers you wear. they come jointly as a package.
a new month...a new crop of sponsors
online bookstore and database availability
and we had a wonderful christmas dinner at my brother and sisterinlaws house with most of the cousins. were eagerly anticipating the arrival of the rest from williamsburg. cant wait.
.channa dal tbsp
in a sense the movie is zinnemanns most potent description of a man whose entire life has ended in failure. manuel artiguez had this one chance to eliminate a lifelong enemy and he blew it. he had a grand opportunity to lead his country one step closer towards freedom and he threw it away. life as a bandit it seems has condemned him to one sorry disappointment after another. consider that scene between him and father francisco in artiguez darkened apartment. the young priest can do nothing more except stare in amazement at this tired pathetic old man. “go ahead priest” artiguez raves “tell me i’m a bandit” and father francisco has a simple fiveword answer for him “you know what you are.”
address se th ave deerfield beach fl (off of se th st about miles east of )
i can’t sing a love song
sorry dawn number will no longer work. new illinois law starts tomorrow that it is illegal to own a pet monkey in the state. lol. my kids and i heard this one on the news last night and were really bummed that we have lost the opportunity for that pet monkey we always wanted.
i’ll never tell—pinky & brain swear
were even awake for that matter.
are available of his live performances and unfortunately
genesis … “and the lord was with joseph and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the egyptian” (kjv).
suzanne noticed that he had entitled the drawing ‘lace seduction’.
soft paper warning if you have a very soft or fibrous paper when you try to pull up the extra tone it may pull up some of your surrounding colored areas. this might be more pronounced if you are coloring with colored pencils and especially chalks. this is not as big a problem with marker which permeates the paper better.
as a daughterinlaw i love my inlaws.
in addition to the printable kits she also carries individual documents. all printables are in pdf file format so once your order is finalized you can print the digital files as many times as you like for your own personal use. becky can create a document just for you she loves special orders so if you have something in mind but dont see it just ask
i dont want to come across as the grinch that stole easter or anything but why in gods name does the chocolatefest have to happen two weeks after i have committed to a wifeimposed diet and exercise regime?
tra tutte le partecipanti al challenge ne verrá estratta una con il sistema random che riceverá in regalo questo distressing tool di were memory keepers "heart attack".
foundationed deep somehow
i finished hair dressing school getting myself more in debt.
i have got to get this blogging thing together. how many times have i said this? i started a post about random acts of kindness week because i thought it was such a neat concept. then i got busy at work was really tired when i got home and ended up not writing anything. raoc ended like two weeks ago so it’s not even relevant anymore. ugh
because i want him to change things? even me and my heart? thats a right motive right?
this morning on the today show they offered some money advice. this is always my favorite part of morning shows. they always have such great tips. usually they are ones that i already know but it is always great to be reminded.
so anyway you can get these kits from make and mingle or from the love kit sew website.
josiah turned one march . he is a big boy now too he began walking the week he turned one so he is busy as he tries to keep up with his sisters. we have enjoyed having him around. boys are sure different from girls early on he took up interest in playing with balls and cars and especially enjoys being outside. one thing i was always told before he came into the world was that boys are so sweet and love their mommas. there is so much truth in that. josiah is very close to his daddy they are pretty big buddies but he sure loves his momma. every morning i really look forward to going in to his room and seeing his joyful smile and his readiness to see me. i just love his happygolucky personality. i remember praying daily for him while he was in the womb that he would be a good happy baby. ;)
sorry i havent been able to give you % with the blog lately... scary end of term uni deadline on monday...
on my first day with the bike i stopped at a mosque for tea. parked the bike.
so questions remain would forest city after getting significant subsidies for infrastructure and the benefit of eminent domain be required to build its project on any schedule or could it leave interim surface parking lots indefinitely in prospect heights? what profit might the developer actually earn? should the project be as big as proposed? is the risk faced more by the public or by the developer?
the reason i seem to concentrating on the resurrection body is not so much to prove what the resurrection body will be although that naturally becomes a part of the mix the real reason for the focus is to show the location of that resurrection body. if the location of the resurrection body can be identified beyond reasonable doubt this naturally will tell us where the seat of that government would have to logically exist so i do see this as an important aspect of figuring out where the holy ones will rule from either heaven or earth.
. has anything really changed from the last time i spoke about it?
truth is im barely hanging on
.make the glaze in a small bowl stir the confectioners sugar with the milk and drizzle it over the cake. cut into wedges and serve.
the cherokee legends and rituals were very interesting to read about and the way heathers weaved them into the story well you truly do learn something new everyday.
four weeks.
from ethanolproducer concerning the infringement complaint of butamax (dupontp) filed in d. delaware over us 
the tricky question is this how do we keep up the level of interest we generated? ideas are welcome but you know the best way to do it...keep asking for session beers from your local brewers and bars. keep tweeting when you find a good one. if youre a bar please consider having at least one session beer on at all times and if you do get the sticker and display it
crispy golden fried pizza dough salty olives and capers ooeygooey melty cheese zingy tomato sauce and a bit of spinach to let you think youre eating something healthy. each panzarotti is like a little present you get to open with your mouth. and since the recipe makes about a dozen its the best kind of gift the kind you get to share with others. thanks to nadia g. for sharing these with us.
that my love was born ‘midst eternity.
last week a lady came in with her mom and daughter and she picked out a few items (it was a good sale ) and then her daughter walked right up to this
“i have been watching your back” god whispered to my quietened soul last week over years since he had spoken those words from isaiah. yes he had been my rearguard. my life…that is my soul had been left intact. the chaff had been separated from the wheat. the battle was over and i was on my way home. from now on
i cannot go into detail wou or anyone else flo as to the other background info that i have. ie info that even if i did not have the dna testing? i would know w a doubt that he is indeed elvis presley in the flesh. keep in mind; i was never looking for an alive elvis not even. i can tell you this since its part of the interview. when i first contacted “bern” from the book last year right? the only name that he or jes had for me was eliza presley not alice tiffin. ie keep in mind that only the name alice tiffin could link me to you or any of your side of the family. i almost fell out of my chair when “bern” said that jesse told him to ask me something. he said it was driving jesse crazy and that he needed to know who louise was to me? was she my aunt? am i the one related to louise? i had not said one single word about louise to jes or bern i had no reason to. ie only elvis could have known who your sister louise was flo.
 the metro system is amazing. we rarely took taxis unless ) we were very dressed up and freezing or ) we were very lost.
and arms wide enough to rest her everlasting cup
in the disney way harnessing the management secrets of disney in your company revised edition william capodagli and lynn jackson explain that their book “tells the inside story of just how disney’s success was achieved — not by epiphanic flashes of creative insight that produced a pinocchio or a dumbo but by the force of a muchconsidered carefully wrought process of managing innovation and creativity and by an adherence to a firmly established system of beliefs.” the foundation of that system the disney way consists of four “pillars” dream believe dare do.
march 
i cringe wondering how many hours she spent making it perfect.
for the first time in my years i found a place that feels like home. a place that i can always come back to and feel comfortable with friends who are excited to see me. this is why i live here.
i honestly havent forgotten about this blog over here its just been an insane week. we sang this song in chapel on tuesday. i love it. i have heard it so many times but this time when we sang it it blessed me even more than usual.
“i like the hair” he said. the hair is good much better more like me don’t you think? but” he went on before i had a chance to lie in response “i was thinking about what you said you know about jeans and a tshirt. that’s what i usually wear around the house. so that would be the real me wouldn’t it?” i nodded in agreement. “okay so keep the boat shoes with no socks but put jeans on me and a blue tshirt. make sure it’s not pink. and you can put my super name on the shirt across the chest.”
oh it’s not strictly my fault. jim backus (mr. magoo…mr. howell…james dean’s dad in rebel without a cause) is as awesome as it is possible for awesome to get. and while i’ve only ever seen an episode or two of i married joan it is perhaps not unfair to say that she trails somewhat behind lucille ball and gracie allen in making an impression. yet her resume is so impressive it’s definitely got me wanting to take a proper look at her body of work… and thus may this guilty (or at least abashed) soul be redeemed. (though to be fair to myself i’ve seen some of the movies she made and she left…no impression).
previously i did mentioned on how close i can approach to a dragonfly with “loving kindness and no harm” in my mind for photo taking.
prayer lord help me be patient with all of your people and know when it is time to be quiet and wait for you to save them as only you can do. i ask this as always in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit. amen.
a witness. mrs. sai theetong age a villager said she had never seen this man before. when he appeared she was scared because she was alone at home. so she locked her door. a hour later the man was still standing at the same spot. finally a municipality officer arrived and took him away.
p.s. if you need a little inspiration to get started heres one of my alltime favorite elizabeth bishop poems (which happens to be a villanelle)
the turks had been sighted several days ago marching from palestine toward the canal. among colonial and military circles everyone was anxious about the offensives outcome and yet so certain of victory. aside from echoes of a world at war and the maddening dust another malaise afflicted the old city. with the british military occupying egypt foreigners and infidels in the eyes of the native egyptians there was a yearning for independence and mixed feelings about opposing the ottoman empire.
radiohead no surprises uk
their hair was once shoulderlength and what’s left of it now is mostly grey. two of them are still following the same path they started down in the late seventies in a country of soaring unemployment and inflation where contraception was illegal and divorce was banned. others of them are now household names as writers journalists and commentators. back then they were young unknown and there was no obvious outlet for their talents. so they set about doing it for themselves in niall stokes and mairin sheehy founded hot press.
recent immigrants tended to vote for labour.
admittedly those were my expectations about a movie that is about a heist of the mind. instead what "inception" becomes throughout its running time is a james bondission impossible movie which is not good for someone who generally finds those type of films rather dull. the literalminded james bond aesthetic in particular represents the polar opposite of the unattainable life of the mind that is nolans premise. when your dream movie contains ski shootout sequences that have plagued james bond movies for decades perhaps those dreams needed a bigger dose of the surreal.
ampm each day.
as many of my walking tours include pubs i am often asked what is my favourite. i am always flummoxed by this question as dont have one particular favourite but a number and all for different reasons. i just cant pin my choice down to one.
she gasped. he seemed to think it was from his touches and pressed himself more firmly to her. abby had thought the l word. no. this couldnt happen. not now. not ever.
i prefer navy camel gray and cream to black new york’s official uniform. prints? not so much.
bloomburg business
to store up meanings in the bins and ricks
the communist orientation of the anc is beyond dispute. there are many confirmations of this fact found in various publications as well as statements by communists themselves
matter of publicprivate
i said right? it was a land mine. i didnt ask i said. it was my mother
overall weve been up early a lot this past week and had some rough nights of sleep. we didnt think this transition would be easy and boy were we right
you are righteous
have you ever found yourself in one of those situations with your children or anyone for that matter where you said something that you were so confident in to only minutes later realize you were wrong? the other day i did. and the situation involved this little visitor....
also blowing the rear brake ducts is an avenue worth exploring. the exhaust geometry doesn’t work quite so well in this area. brake duct vanes which we have seen proliferate over the past few years are allowed to be mm inboard of the rear wheel roughly in line with the wheel and can protrude forwards the front perimeter of the tyre. but as some of the brake duct is ahead of the rear axle line there is less surface to blow on.
“this is the macallan girl” i imagined them saying. “have another one at least for pity sake.”
its been awhile since i heard ur nagging ^^
bingo
now when we talk about his music remember these things
from childhood friends to college friends to colleaguesturnedfriends if they’ve spent enough time with me and actually paid attention when i ramble on they should be able to answer most of them.
call me bad but i have to admit that there is a little part of me that enjoys knowing that.
midweek two friends came over after i got off work. we drank a couple beers and talked for hours mostly about love relationships and sex. these were three overlapping topics until a year ago i refused to touch. i had been uncomfortable in my own sexuality and was ashamed of my attraction to men. now was a different time. our conversation was especially useful as i was going stir crazy over the black out in texting between me and fang. i was completely over reading into it. rationally i knew i had no control over how he felt but still i had no control over my emotions. i felt like i was on a roller coaster. at one moment i had myself convinced he still was interested in me and the next i felt it was all over.
santorum this primary is like david vs goliath
they are some of the most amazing dedicated talented and wonderful people i have ever met in my life. i learn way more from them each year then what i teach in return. through out the rehearsal process we discuss what the actor’s want to accomplish. this ranges from having fun to learning new things to hone their talents. and to show that we can do it to.
and at the end of my first week of training i’ve gone a grand total of . miles.
we threw my sister a surprise party on november . a bunch of her friends and a lot of my family showed up to celebrate my little sis turning the big . we had a ball and she seriously had no clue. that night as i attempted to sneak off to put maeve to bed i nursed her like usual. got her in her pjs and then as i was walking to her room she preceded to vomit all over me. she starting giggling and was happy instantaneously after and slept with no problems. the next night again vomit after dinner. so that following monday i took her to the pediatrician. i thought a stomach bug or strep throat. i never thought urinary tract infection so when the ped mentioned something about the possibility of a catheter i thought "hmm strange" i talked to my sis the ped who said "let them do the cath" so when the ped said we needed to do it i agreed. after about minutes with me holding my poor girls legs while she screamed and mo sat in her seat screaming "dont touch my sis. oh poor maevie" the doc finally got the catheter in to find almost no urine. luckily she was able to get enough to run the test. i went home with a script and instructions which left me surprised. the doc recommended we take her to a get an ultrasound and a vcug to rule out any issues with her anatomy.
what happens when you engage in a conversation with someone in the car or on the telephone even when using a hands free device? most of the time your brain is working over time to think of what you are going to say next or to listen to what they are saying. how many times have you missed your exit or missed your turn because you were engaged in a conversation? worse yet have you ever had the other person say to you "arent you supposed to turn here?"
it was tolerated. hasn’t this always been the case with torchwood? people always seem to be so wronged by this series as if it’s gone out of its way to attack them personally. even children of earth arguably the jewel in its crown had its detractors – mostly those who couldn’t bear to see ianto killed off. russell t davies allegedly got death threats over that one the poor man. these are the same people who refer to the first two seasons as the “real” torchwood yet everything that comes after warrants no reference at all. still others would argue that children of earth was the only decent thing ever produced under the franchise name. the real truth it seems is that there is no real torchwood. the series is like russell t davies’ personal narrative playground to do with as he pleases with whomever he pleases as the revolving talent roster (both in front of and behind the camera) seems to suggest. miracle day further proves that it’s an ongoing experimental work in progress as it once again offers up storytelling that’s quite unlike all that’s come before.
ill give four lovely bottles from my special beer cupboard for the bestunniestmuttiest caption to accompany the ursus beer advert.
well hats seemed to get everybody going last week it was one of our most popular themes ever. in commenting on jinksys post little nell suggested a doll theme for sepia saturday. it seemed like a good idea to me so here we are. this delightful picture was taken by the american photographer nickolas muray and is part of the george eastman house collection available via flickr commons. if you are following the theme remember you dont have to all you need to do is to post your old image and your new reflections on or around saturday the st january and link to the list below.
one main thing i hope everyone understood is the need for us to educate visitors as to what a conservation centre is compared to a zoo. it is obvious that there will be many challenges ahead but i’m confident that the bsbcc will remain true to its mission.
 gator country 
the site then directs teens to planned parenthood saying that agency will either help them talk to parents or provide a lawyer to guide them through the judicial process.
so i have had a pretty bad run week. my goal is to run times a week. mostly minute runs with at least one minute run each week. i did fine on tuesday minutes on the treadmill and even managed to do closer to a minute mile than a minute mile. then on thursday i decided to run on the indoor track. its about degrees here this week so i didnt think it was a good day to try the run outside. but i knew i had to move beyond the treadmill. well it was not so good. i didnt feel great on my way to the rec center. i started my run got about minutes and felt awful. decided to take a one lap walk and do the second which i would have been okay with but i could only make it . not sure what happened. i think it was a combination of the way i was feeling my confidence in doing this run away from the treadmill and the fact that i was on this tiny of a mile track and it felt like i was running forever. so ill try again tomorrow. see what happens. i am shooting for minutes tomorrow and will probably run on the treadmill. next week temps are supposed to be in the s so it looks to be perfect running weather. maybe that is the week to try the run outside.
"one hundred dollars" the hooker answers.
there were a few things i liked i liked the wolf things they scared the pee out of me literally. i liked how cute gale was i liked how cinna was portrayed very true to character. i liked effie trinket i liked the selection at the reaping (this was the only part of the movie that made me cry) i liked that i got to go with k.
wednesday october st–today thank god i was fired from my crappy job. i went to see “into the wild.”
i would always just stand on the players side and perform trick shots for hours from five to ten feet back where the player would usually stand just to try and increase the difficulty i still made at least % of my shots. it was a good run though sometimes i told the players that if they could match one of my shots (out of ) that i would them double the prizes of the shots that i got in. all the prize was were some goldfish no one just wants one. if they could match three then i would throw in a little tank for free. no one ever got the tank and i dont think many got the extra fish either it still had them paying though.
the amended law also grants some amnesties for previous deforestation.
this copy .
saturday september pm pm (brewers association and american homebrewers association membersonly session)
with perry’s arrival in japan the us navy had come of age. japan was a witness to that and in turn began to question her own isolationist strategy. it started to build its own deep sea navy.
i thought i would share with you my first christmas card. i brought this stampendous stamp this morning and could not wait to get into my craft room and play.
friday september th
you never have to worry what others may say.
until then im using two tumblrs to keep track of my interests and research
desk drawers tend to be dumping grounds. another way to streamline your home office is to organize your desk drawers. start by taking everything out of it and sorting through the contents and placing in groups (i.e. pens note pads paper clips etc.). items that belong in other areas of the home should go in a box temporarily and put away at a later time.
overall penny arcade adventures episdoes and are quite enjoyable games if a little short. each episode costs about $ on steam and whether you think that is a good price or not is up to you to decide. personally i’d suggest waiting for a sale or buying the episodes in a bundle it’s cheaper than buying then individually.
personally i don’t give a damn about the song or the critical responses. this blog (and its writer) could care less about the technicalities. but the song has been deemed ‘catchy’ and i’d say yes to that. linguists say that the song’s lyrics can be placed under cosmic irony or what they call ‘irony of fate’. and this is what this entry is about.
. is it accurate? i think most people would agree this belief is inaccurate and too pessimistic. the best way for paul to find out would be to test alternative beliefs and note the results. the problem with this belief is that paul would rarely ever test it so he’ll gather little or no evidence either way. perhaps he formed this belief by overgeneralizing after a bad experience. on those rare occasions when he does push himself socially his belief will negatively affect his communication style thus encouraging the rejection he expects.
scrivener also wrote the authorized version of the english bible () its subsequent reprints and modern representatives (first published in reissued in ) drawing on his knowledge of the history and reception of the av. (it is interesting to note that ‘authorised’ and ‘authorized’ are both used by the same scholars in different publications. in my copyediting days i was taught to use the ‘z’ in this one context even if the rest of the book used ‘s’ . . .)
instead of talking about how much weight i have lost i think the most important barometer of success to share is my physical health milestones. day i could only swim laps on minutes and by day i swam woohoo and i made it minutes on the treadmill at . at incline and didnt die yesterday. lol
yes it is monday and the time has "sprung forward" i am ready for a nap this is my first card using
(all made from recipes in moms memory.)
on the morning of the third day an angel came and rolled away the stone at the entrance to the tomb. the guards were very frightened and they fell down as if they were dead.
my incredible coworkers have arranged to feed me every night until i return to work on wednesday next week what a huge relief it is to not have to prepare any meals. i know and appreciate so much how lucky i am to be part of a team that cares and supports me so much. i havent had to worry about missing any of the days of work that ive had to because they always find someone to cover me even though ive long since used up all of the pto i had accrued.
xu guan’s mind was numb. the fine line between hallucinations and reality had been erased days before. frequently he would see his mother standing by the side of the road weeping and waving at him with a colorful scarf in her hand. his mother had always enjoyed colorful scarves xu guan recalled as he tripped over a crack in the road and nearly fell to his knees.
the result of our conversation ended up as a story in the san diego union tribune on january in the local section with the headline “man’s mission is getting us all to be grateful”.
. make yourself a checklist.
younger boys day out with eldest today alhumdulilla 
“one of these is not like the other…” fork spoon knife blood splatter…
kim – (no immunity)
mobile ministry can be defined as connecting and engaging people with the message mission and community of jesus christ through personal mobile technology. every unreached person wherever they are in the world now has a better chance to encounter christ and his kingdom in creative and compelling ways through their personal mobile devices
then she said "go out and play."
hosanna”
then the bomb hits. then they are all betrayed; then james and lily die at voldemort’s hand harry is entrusted to his relatives and sirius is led off to azkaban. it’s a completely different situation from the vietnam war and yet the tone of goodnight saigon strikes me as fitting. going crazy. people getting killed around you. holding on to the few you can trust and leaving more of your childhood behind with every day. and when sirius escapes attempts to clear his name rejoins the order and goes down in battle against bellatrix lestrange i think the playlist goes from an innocent man to honesty to only the good die young.
the end of my year wasnt quite how i expected it to be. for a few weeks now my plan was to be in louisville ringing in the new year with one of my best girls mary jo and her family. my plans to see her on her birthday fell through... and i made these plans to replace those plans. then my dad got sick...
so are you ready for some football?? i know i am
here’s another thought related to the subject of immigration. back in john lennon recorded a song called “imagine” in which he imagined the world would be a better place without god country and private property. ironically the song helped him continue to amass a personal fortune which he never was willing to part with but i’ll ignore that for now. the song “imagine” is still what animates the left today. hillary clinton recently condemned president bush’s “ownership society” prefering instead a society where all wealth is redistributed by the government.
last year riverpark farm produced pounds of food. this year riverpark farm will provide the restaurant with different varieties of vegetables.
swedish police must "be able to use the equipment that has been acquired for large amounts" the dagens nyheter daily wrote in an opinion piece. "helicopters cars boats and other equipment must be kept in a way so that criminals cannot sabotage them."
rate 
a) we are looking into this method. however it is complicated due to the fact that we have to limit tickets and need to facilitate a members presale. we are however hoping to be able to offer this next year.
i have always loved how just prior to this part of peter he says "after you have suffered a little while."
when friends go to such trouble for you and manage to make you laugh like that it is hard not to feel pretty good and forget the complaints about how you could have been a contender. maybe i am where i ought to be and not so far off of who i am supposed to be.
 medium to large side pieces (i used a couple metal findings that i found at the scrapbook section)
he waken up by one of the trouble makers brought to the rest of the korean crew which has to face their death yeah right. they will be killed by the nonkorean crew. because they are upset and can’t forgive the treatment they had to face
sorry if youre south of the equator but youve had it summer for long enough. let someone else have a go.
i managed to write four pieces of fiction to put up for the a to z challenge this week but came acropper when the person mentoring my blog through the a to z pointed out on my first post that it was too long for most people. i’d thought the forewarning and wordcount at the top would have been enough of a warning and had no expectations that everyone would read it. in fact when looking back logically and realistically people read things if they want to – it doesn’t matter whether a blog post is words or words people tend to read what they are included into what they are interested in.that goes across the board. fiction doesn’t or shouldn’t have to follow such strict guidelines. nor should bloggers. i’ve visited many blogs over the last few days in the same challenge who have said nothing much at all in words and the same thing in . it all depends just like life.
take a look its in a book...
do you remember the jetsons? hannabarbera’s space age counterpart to the flintstones? how does that sentence go? that.. if you remember this then you had a happy childhood
september this is all purely hypothetical right? because if truth be told i wouldn’t know what to do with an agent right now. i am years away from even attempting a novel let alone seeking a publisher for one and it really hasn’t been all that difficult to find potential markets for my personal essays and creative nonfiction so far. i’ve earmarked a few likely markets and have established a rapport directly with the editors. that being said…
it’s interesting how bu yong loves the prince – who’s supposed to be her husband if the accident didn’t happen – and even though he fancies talking to her he doesn’t even know how she looks like. the prince wants a beautiful princess but what if aside from looks he also wants someone witty to talk to. it gives us a better standing in comparing the two sisters.
an interesting note about durien is that as it ripens the alcohol content rises in the fruit. if you eat enough of it you will get a hangover. in some places it is unseemly for unmarried couples to be seen eating it together. it really is a unique phenomenon and one that every westerner visiting southeast asia should try. just hold your nose and be brave.
in my closet i have some amazing items i have bought throughout the years at the magic jacket dreamy linen pieces from hearts desire and a few other fashion treasures.
in a survey of offenders per cent reported witnessing violence in their home as a child and per cent – or almost a third – reported emotional sexual or physical abuse as a child.
mann j did not strike out the claim but he did order the claimant to provide a statement of case and an expert report explaining it. most unusually the judge also awarded the defendant costs on the higher indemnity basis on the ground that the claimant had wilfully refused to disclose its case until compelled to do so at the hearing. said the judge
with a skills gap our economy suffers. we need better education.
emotions pressing in from all sides.
nichol kl. costbenefit analysis of a strategy to vaccinated healthy working adults against influenza. arch intern med ; .
~set this finished fruit salad aside; while you make the fruit dip. ~carefully fold the vanilla and cinnamon into the cool whip (being carefull not to overmix). ~this can then be folded into the fruit salad as a dressing (*best if you plan to srve the salad within the hour...otherwise save this step untill right before serving*); or can be served alongside of the salad as a fruit dip. it is *delicious* both ways. this is a definite party pleaser and people are sure to ask you for the fruit dipressing recipe
there are so many things i praise god for. the previous week our church had just completed a week of revival meetings. vernon had led a girl to the lord on thursday evening and we had all grown closer to the lord that week.
so my first item sold for about % of what i retail it for. not great but not bad. i had to wait til that one sold til i could schedule another one. when you are new and until you build your reputation you can only list one lot at a time. seems fair as they dont want scam sellers there but believe me it is an eternity waiting for your item to come up and to be able to get a slot for the next one lol
the building where he had moved in overlooked the sea and he had the flat on the sixth floor so the view from the balcony was breathtaking.he did not much like flats but there was no option.
a shadow grew.
now the most cheesy thing about this movie is the conflict the conflict would be the music piracy sting. we see goofy guys illegally recording bukis music then after a badass concert gunmen break into the bukis tour bus where they steal some of their unreleased music. after taking the music they start to gun down people around the bus wild but oh so cheesy
its long been known that forest city ratner was considering the brooklyn navy yard for a factory to build modules for its prefab plan but evp maryanne gilmartin according to globest.com says the navy yard is the place.
dah dah dah dah dah dah. that sound is as recognizable as any unless you’ve been living under a rock for years. the sound helps define the iconic brand of espn just like the noise when you open a windows computer or turn on nbc. “those guys have all the fun” is the ultimate history of espn as a network and as a brand and the authors james andrew miller and tom shales have left no stone unturned including an interview with john colby the creator of that legendary sound. colby didn’t know he had created something so timeless until charley steiner pulled him aside and said “holy shit man do you know what’s going on with this dah dah dah thing?” miller and shales present this otherwise remarkable birth as just another day in bristol during the early years of espn.
when you have a great idea and decide to run with it what is it that drives people to try to put you down and discourage you? we have all had those moments where our loved ones tell us they are trying to look out for our own best interest. my husband was told by a good friend of ours there comes a point when the student surpasses the master. at this point you must be grateful for what knowledge you have learned then move on.
out where they shouldn’t be use your seam
i know the movie will impact many. yet for those whove had an abortion in that past like me it may stir up old pains. i remember the first time i heard another person talk about abortion at church. i wanted to sink into the pew and hide. im sure i sucked in an audible gasp.
the only special feature mentioned (on play.com) is an audio commentary with the director david fincher.
v ten of a kind (rca comp with gunbunnies titanics lazy susan...)
loring says young soon bowed out. but charles tiffany proved to be a marketing genius.
think march when the power grid in quebec canada took a residential household nap after a large cme event.
the search in ernest has started for some childrens movies in mandarin to play off the xoom on the trip home.. hours is a long flight...and something to fall back on if she is fussy would be great.
school has been going well other then once running out of time on math homework ( which doesnt really matter since homework grades are dropped) my last math test was which was nice.
im truly blessed with some many people in my life. my family my friends my children in particular. once upon a time i really believed hallie would be it. little did i know how much my life would change over the course of a few short years.
hmm... yes. i have to admit i dont get the "more" or the "sea" but perhaps in comparison to normal german beers there is a "sea change" here. but please lets not fracture the already apparently infinitesimally divided "beer style" list by creating a "german dipa"
a trip to the circus
later on a couple of officers hand over several brown paper evidence bags containing clothes taken from the body of a dead man. his neighbour had rung complaining about a smell coming from his flat and the officers found him dead on his kitchen floor. the attending doctor was happy that it was natural causes nothing suspicious so the system took over and everything was bagged and tagged.
i am…slighty crazy about not having a car.
 strawberries
“there is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.” (henry ford)
like the car that would pick her up. (escalade limo)
av – race to stonehearth bunker first one up the stairs … aw crap there’s an enemy boomkin here. keep myself alive while standing on top of the flag and putting some pressure on him notice that a spriest has come along and is attacking him so he’s now ignoring me … cap quick what are you waiting for …
good morning good day blog readers
(cup results)
now patience…patience…wait for them to dry and then…. using the most brilliant dotting tool (found ours on ebay for couple of quid) get some black polish on a bit of card dotting tool in hand and dot dot dot dot….
but i was thinking to myself what wonderful people you are great commenters great supporters and fantastically loyal.
for the fries
the email is really long but there is such meat there that i have to share a small amount. i know this is out of context of the whole email but it will give you a taste of my amusement. this comes right after calling me a "voluda" which i am guessing (and others supported) he probably meant boluda... see how misspelling makes you a daisy instead of a meanie....
we just discussed how a logo should be designed in order to be enlarged properly. what about being shrunk? don’t think your logo will ever need to be shrunk? what about profile pictures on social networking sites? what about when you sponsor an event and they want to put a tiny version of your logo on their flyer? if your logo is not very simple there will be entirely too much going on for it to make sense in a smaller size. take a picture of pencils on a table with erasers in between them. shrink the picture to a tiny size. can you make out what the erasers are? you probably cannot.
it’s pretty labour intensive but delicious you can actually make this as a meal by itself and cook them in tomato sauce to be honest they taste just like cannelloni but without the pasta tummy ache afterwards.
no worries. something about portland keeps the river qualities alive even amid the rush of wealth and youth. the lab has made a counterintuitive gamble recreating the hawthorne pubs vibe piece by piece. built in a warehouse the pub occupies a vast space that is scattered with a field of tables. a separate room has been notched out of the pub just as in the hawthorne site. the long handcrafted wooden bar is there as is the outside seating suitable for canine companions. even the menu is identical to hawthornes. two differences the floor is cement not scarred wood and the light fixtures are fashioned from kegs (very cool). in short new pub same as the old pub.
congratulations to them both....xxxx
to make the challenge even more fun we will be giving out a prize a $ gift certificate to be used toward stamps at the our daily bread designs store entries for the prize must be submitted by friday april th at a.m. est. one random winner will be chosen and announced saturday april st. if you are not using odbd stamps please do not enter more than once. additional entries without using odbd stamps will not be commented on nor will they qualify for prizes.
brats last weekend if was so beautiful outside that we took advantage and bbqd some brats.
the other question of course is which party has the best chance. liberal fortunes seem to be on the wane and some polls suggest they will not win any seats and will be wiped out of the legislature. the ndp surge in last year’s federal election suggests a similar trend could happen here now. but in that surge the ndp won only one seat in alberta so it’s does not seem likely.
i sanded until my hand went numb but this stuff had really seeped into the grain (its oak veneer for those of you wondering).
firstly he starts the article with the massive assumption that this revelation comes as some surprise as if noone expected it hence the title. in fact there was no secret at all communists openly supported the miners’ strike yet laporte in a very tunnelledvision manner seems to ignore all the open evidence; that communists in britain and internationally for that matter openly supported the miners’ raising funds to support them amongst many other things. the cheek of the man to call himself a historian whilst omitting such obvious facts
can you believe that i did absolutely no coloring on this one? it was nice for something different. the ticket and sentiment is from stampology i believe i received the flower from magnolialicious and i have lots and lots of lace and ribbon in my stash )
in march of the obama administration began airstrikes in support of rebel forces aimed at ousting colonel muammar gaddafi from power in libya.
gerdal shut her eyes and dipped in her hand. out came a beautiful crystal snowflake hanging from a long white thread of hair.
not to rush. i can only read someone once for the first time if that makes sense. if you send me something and i reject it then a month later you revise and send it back i’m always going to remember that first time.
ps dear readers
i can feel my smile.
full self expression
but there are two inescapables in all this.
please visit david terry art here to arrange your print...dont be shy... he is expecting you... i will be having mine printed just as soon as i can... and david... thank you a million times for thinking of us all... xv
and also business times
my thanks to all of you who shared your goals and dreams for .
inks memento bahama blue danube blue bamboo leaves rich cocoa ranger distress inks and copics
so i’m terrified. the house is dark and quiet. deena’s napping and mishy’s…well mishy’s not here so likely napping somewhere too. and though there’s a part of me that yelling at me to stop frigging reading because it’s only going to get worse i keep reading. and it gets worse. the corpse of the woman in the bathtub comes after danny and gets her hands around his throat and–
see prior grits posts
. rustic semolina bread
january th @ in my studio. class fee is $.. let me know if your interested in attending.
it was great to do something different for this challenge. i hope you get chance to join us for this challenge.
now.
i myself built the set the easy way and bought it completed about three years ago. i know thats like cheating but i saved a lot on shipping charges by not having to pay $$ each to have all cards shipped from different sellers. the jordan clyde drexler and dominique wilkins are certainly favorites of mine but the shaq is where its at for me. easily one of my favorite cards in my collection from one of my favorite s sets.
but i think i’ve found something that is simple and to the point….
james joyce was famous for the neologisms in finnegans wake () which no doubt effectively prevented the book from reaching a wider audience but to me are a delight of the english language. alice in wonderland the hunting of the snark a clockwork orange most sf (john brunner’s stand on zanzibar is a good example) and many fantasy novels (terry pratchett’s discworld novels and the harry potter stories as examples) are all laden with neologisms.
passing through the old market square i was somewhat surprised to see this guy dressed as a s disco diva dancing through the water feature.
whenever he has a cheese platter this bread is an option alongside crackers and that you won’t be disappointed. it’s tasty served with any cheese but his choice is a taleggio. you can leave out the pumpkin seeds if you prefer but please keep the walnuts as they really do make a difference.
ink memento tuxedo black (tsukineko) bamboo sweet leaf
actually a love quadrilateral. i’d spoil it if i say more. you’ll just have to read the trilogy
we walked deeper into the building but just before i could open my mouth and make an idiot of myself yet again – what would that be like ten times in as many minutes? dude seriously what was going on with the world? – she stopped outside a classroom door and took a deep breath. her commandoqueen façade slipped for a moment and she shot me a nervous glance. “ready?”
to go to the gym times this week (have been once already yay)
synopsis donnie is one messed up teenager. he has existential issues at a very young age. he questions the existence of god. he sleepwalks at night and dreams of a man dressed in a green bunny suit that warns him of the day when the world is going to end. hell i’d be messed up having these kinds of dreams as well. will donnie ever find out what the bunny is trying to tell him?
i can imagine what type of derogatory spin would be put on the portrayal of these real christian women if “gcb” was the inspiration.
gordon lish was no oneoff. there are excellent editors in every imprint of every trade publishing house who improve every book they work on but they are under threat. the consolidation of the industry led to downsizing and many talented editors were let go. some ended up at other houses while others founded their own small presses or became agents. many however were lost to the business forever. and one of my fears is with the inevitable next round of layoffs we may lose a lot more.
it is the end of the year for me. which translates into busy. now i am also down a computer seems that my beloved son and a dvd got caught in the dvd player of the laptop. have no fear apple fixed it and i have to pick it tomorrow.
christian wins the match by dq….which means….he is the world heavyweight champion. what triggered randy off is christian spitting on randy. another great match between these two and the chicago crowd loved seeing christian as the new champion. even after the match randy attacks christian and puts him up on the spanish announce table. teddy long comes out to try to plead with randy but it doesn’t work he gives christian a rko but the table doesn’t break. that has to hurt.
the deeper connection and more profound love that develops in relationships after the initial “in love” phase can also be a source of sexual desire but sometimes we must retrain our brains for this. it’s very easy and natural to feel such desire for someone new or forbidden. it’s chemical. it’s biological. it’s easy and it can be very hard especially if a the relationship ends before it can grow into a more comfortable zone.
you dear reader may ask pinko knitter what is the difference between a wip and a ufo?
who will feel secure in the future economy when this one plummets ruining them and not even offering help nor hope??
 peter nlt
the way i figured it even though the hours were long and the commitment would prevent me from pursuing real acting gigs it was wise to put things on hold for a few months and just concentrate on setting aside some money. as long as they were willing to work around the corporate picnics that i had already scheduled for the season which this guy said they were it would be a great chance to make some cash while becoming a better stilt performer.
boofle and first edition boho chic papers
its true the fresh bottle let down my expectations. it was never really going to live up to my first taste experiences and how much i bigged it up in my head. having said that though trying the aged version destroyed my expectations and wrote them completely anew
yesterday i went to lancaster on the train. it was over minutes late and it was only a minute journey. that journey cost me £. single it would have been p more return. if only my van used gallons of fuel to london but only a pint to get home.
he added “i’m absolutely mortified. i’ve never had so much as a point on my licence since . it’s humiliating and embarrassing.”
similar with motherofpearl snaps and some wide
ive been dying to wear dresses but most of mine are just about the the appropriate work length. this past week weve had some on and off good weather so i busted out my dress over some jeans and i thought it would be weird but the length totally worked. so happy to make pieces i already own more versatile. yay.
it was the trip of a lifetime will be long remembered for its tropical beauty kind and gentle people and of course all that wonderful fresh tea
animal man 
combine confectioners’ sugar and milk until smooth. (may have to add milk to make more smooth but only do so in small increments or will become too runny)
the happy farmers attention was drawn to our new lodgers when the kitchen began to have the faint smell of oil fumes. the game was a bogey when we overheard the lodgers merrily chirruping and tweeting away the happy sounds echoing down the flu of the aga and into the kitchen. prompt action was called for as the happy farmer diagnosed the problem as uninvited lodgers nest building in the chimney.
pulling the dicks of greedy fuckin bankers.
i rewatched ariel’s adventures recently (totally holds up) and i’ll be damned if i didn’t understand everything that little gaulish caricature mutters. for all these years i’d assumed he was just mumbling but he actually says “nouvelle cuisine champsélysées maurice chevalier” which is still nonsense but are actual french words.
“he said to them ‘go into the whole world and proclaim the gospel to every creature. whoever believes and is baptized will be saved; whoever does not believe will be condemned.’” (mark emphasis added)
more than somali refugees fled conflict and famine into the neighbouring countries of kenya ethiopia djibouti and yemen since january last year.
and also catch ny supporting plan b on his forthcoming tour
i already knew about a steak house in williamsburg with some great old brooklyn themed movie posters displayed on their exterior for all to enjoy. my idea was to go there and take some pictures for what i thought would be a cool post.
god bless you grandma elsie on this mothers day and every day.
and never speak a word of what you saw.
finally in the years since september the floodgates that allow in more and more of the immigrants who cause all of these problems remain open and in some cases are open even wider. the european union is actively planning to import fifty million more africans in the next several decades and european politicians are promoting an openborders mediterranean union. in the last eight years both presidents of the united states have refused to enforce the country’s immigration laws or control the southern border and both have supported amnesty for illegal immigrants. the current president stands poised to accomplish this aim.
i always complete the – minute warmup and the minute cooldown but i have yet to finish the main (k) set as specified. even using slower intervals than recommended i tire quickly. i often slow the belt down or complete fewer intervals (or both). still i’m getting a good workout. my heart rate easily reaches the performance zone (% of max) during the speed intervals. during the rest intervals if i feel like i need more recovery i walk until my heart just drops out of the aerobic zone and then start the next speed lap. i keep telling myself “just one more speed interval” until i simply cannot complete any more and then i begin the cooldown. i aim to complete a total of at least miles (including warmup and cooldown).
all along the path
alexander in full papal regalia blesses the army before withdrawing to francesco’s castle for safety. he’s greeted by bianca (dressed in red) and the two make polite small talk before she takes him upstairs for dinner trailed by cesare and cardinal sforza.
it seems
in the last post we noted that the political response of the us public to high gasoline prices is how shall we say it more severe than the political response to high healthcare costs. and therein poses a dilemma for progressives.
wilsons. take a look. eh.
 . “pornography and the scope of the first amendment.” woman’s law reporter the school of law loyola university of chicago summer pp. . (source item diii below.)
dress – christos (purchased and altered at kleinfeld’s new york ny)
troubleshooting
anyway pubs are closing for a variety of reasons some of the are just really shite and would have closed even if there wasnt a ban but we all know that the smoking ban has had a detrimental effect on the pub trade. anyone who says it hasnt is a fucking liar.
. personal persistent diligent constant systematized bible study is one means ( tim. ).
dear planetary astronomer mike
what the alcohol incident (and official reaction) represent is the fact that though sometimes things go wrong we cannot accept that anymore. we individuals have been trained to overreact as has corporate america. we treat minor even oneinamillion problems as major affronts. and then we try to “fix” them even if there’s very little if anything to fix. it’s almost as if we have come to believe that if we just plug every pinhole in the universe we will all be absolutely safe and sound forever more.
during my big adventure to the big city i knew i would need to be intentional about how to cart my children around. i had injured my back the week before and was on heavy medication... steriods some other antiinflammatory and a muscle relaxer. oh and pain killers for night time. i did not want to risk hurting my back worse during my trip. had i been healthy most likely the preferred method of transporting my oneyearold might have been to frontpack (or backpack) him. i have a carrier that i really love called a beco and the way it distributes the weight on the hips allows for longer wearing than some of my other carriers.
speaking of noise she has destroyed my hearing. im sure of it. she is so freaking loud. you literally cannot have a conversation if she is screeching unless you can lip read. her happy noises discontent noises surprised noises exploring noises all of them are so loud certainly no one is ever going to take advantage of this little girl or coerce her into doing anything shes not sold on. she might lead others down the path to the river and jump into the rapids but she wont be following. thats good right? shes one intense kid.
an interesting trend i have stumbled upon.
* my kids are obsessed with michael jackson
we thus advise trading on the long side only on a break out beyond . in such a case nifty may test level. traders are advised not to create any fresh short positions till nifty trades above .
gene barge – sax & vocals ronnie barron – keyboard & vocals
all she wants is a husband and family. all they need is for her to believe.
end i enjoyed every bit of this highly unique vampire novel. it’s the hunger games with rabid vampires for contestants and humans as the ultimate prize. engaging suspenseful and flatout will make your heart beat out of your chest.
plastic injection molded deck
. gaby menealo
i would be a liar if i said that the hormone free fall after childbirth wasnt an issue. it is. i trend towards being an emotional person to begin with so this is a struggle.
too hot ta trot
do not parade merely private matters before a public or mixed assembly or to acquaintances. if strangers really wish to become informed about you or your affairs they will find the means to gratify their curiosity without your advising them gratuitously. besides personal and family affairs no matter how interesting they may be to the parties immediately concerned are generally of little moment to outsiders. still less will the wellbred person inquire into or narrate the private affairs of any other family or individual."
here is what i know of the man – the legend – the songbird.
may you find peace.
of course other days i want to lie in bed and cry. thankfully those days are few and far between
what is needed from both state and commonwealth governments at this stage is a public commitment to phased implementation – beginning with hard work on the detail the introduction of legislation this year for and a phased program for providing the necessary funds as the detailed work proceeds.
anyway downsizing.... i enjoy watching t.v. shows about people touring homes with their realtor deciding between the (a) sq ft estate with beds. baths overlooking the infinity pool on the acre precisely manicured lot and the (b) sq ft home with only beds. baths on the acre lot with room for the dream pool & patio & outdoor kitchen. dont get me wrong im entertained not jealous. really who wants to clean all that? because in my reality im cleaning it. and im not signing the dotted line to dust mop & vacuum either of those... not to mention the bathrooms. you recall that i live with males. enough said.
but that night the noise continued. as we one by one went to bed and the sounds of the kibbutz slipped away into the darkness the sounds of the grim reaper’s tools came starkly into reality.
i think once you are a registered "follower" you shouldnt have to verify your comment...after all how many porn spammers are named crememagnolia? but thats just me. i have my blog set to post immediately i simply dont have time to moderate. and i know that anyone who posts to my blog has to verify their post...sorry i cant help it.
tune in tomorrow for your next freebie...
so lets begin.............
on my previous post i stated that i would expound more on my personal political ideology. as mentioned i identify myself as a libertarian. what does this really mean? well i also mentioned that i’m no political science expert but i think i can defend my views even though i’m not an intellectual heavyweight.
in addition to twirl the fragrance theres also a whole twirl collection that includes sequins baubles bows and even the perfect red lipstick everything a girl needs to prepare for the upcoming holiday season. (i cant believe i just said that) check out the video that screams new years eve
situated only minutes from the gare du nord by train it is a nice place to escape to even if you don’t set foot in the casino. however the selfproclaimed ‘leading casino in france’ is clearly the chief attraction of the town especially on this particular day further rules on casinos state that they must also offer a restaurant and other entertainment so you may find more profitable ways to spend your time.
ohio and florida and virginia
you can use your keywords in the caption and also in the photo file name which is also a great way to get seo leverage. putting up the img is a huge waste of seo potential energy.
top of page
also select ascii for the format and confirm that allow secret key export is checked (because this is the whole reason why we’re doing this).
silver bastogne blonde ale rock bottom breweries louisville co
the lineup is available below
follow our guidelines
close segment with interview with child safety expert who advises that we shouldn’t really mow the yard when the kids are out there playing.
then i saw a picture of a sign that said “you’re not bored you’re boring” and it really made me think. its not these areas in my life that are making me bored it’s me i don’t want to be boring i needed a major attitude adjustment asap and i knew just the person to help me. i dusted off a couple of my jon gordon books and began to refresh my memory about having positive energy. then i went to the library and borrowed a couple more of his books and educated myself on how to be the best person i can be.
. understands what it means to be a man…you do not have to have the best job but you have to be able to take care of home
on the last night of the camping weekend there was a big jamboree. it was held near the center of the camping area and our tribe put on a skit that is so traditional when boys camp out in the wild. we had no television or radio so we had to make our own entertainment. lord i would love see that skit on video tape (if it had been invented back then). when it was all over the counselors told us that the first ones back to our campsites got to light the campfires and start cooking the smores. smores are those chocolate graham cracker marshmallow confections that every camping trip ends with. so we all scattered like rabbits and ran through the night back toward our tents.
she was one of a kind.
 the challenge of living truthfully.
tonight i shall go straight upstairs to bed.
.) ( april ) “all of them took the fifth. all of them refused to cooperate. all of them refused to give a dna sample until the court produced an order compelling them to do so.”
+ find a more graduate appropriate job.
and truth be told if crime was spelt "money" then south africa would be a very different place.
heyya this morning im up bright and early to get me some badger football tickets. they go on sale at but knowing how i hate being in a rush i woke up at to get my morning routine straightened out before i settled into my competitive seat infront of my laptop. basically there are only enough tickets for a puny amount of the students so competition is fierce. im feeling especially competitive because last year i was late by about seconds and didnt get any i ended up buying them for double the price from a grad student off craigslist. yeah rather not have to do that again
lots of room to write. now i dont know about you but if
smart and delicious calorie products $ expires 
simply charmed birthday cake is ".
engineering the future
 like a miracle
“as one door closes another door opens.”
o gursikhs know that the bani the word of the true guru is true absolutely true. the creator lord himself causes the guru to chant it. (guru granth sahib ang )
one time at band camp i went to take a drink of my soda and there was an ant on it and it got in my mouth and it tasted really really nasty. thats what ants do. they have this substance called formic acid that they produce just so they taste blechh. i do not believe that covering them in chocolate would help.
it seems like everything is hard right now…taking care of the boys effectively taking care of the house…taking care of everything at work waking up in the morning…thinking in a quasicoherent manner eating the right foods…making tea or drinking my coffee before it goes cold…everything.
in the meantime while i enjoy the last few weeks of celery root do you have any favorite recipes or ideas of what to do with this ugly duckling of a root vegetable?
i found him quite later than the others from a friend of mine who is a very big fan. i really like his deep and husky voice. as for the musical style maybe he is not really my type. however this song was my favorite among all of his song. i found that he has quite a similar tone with lee juck which a little bit confusing somehow.
the list is long...
its me (hazel) who is the hostess this week.
further study it will be interesting to do measures of the urine over time of repeated ionic foot baths…. dorothea are you up for it?
the fact of the matter is i can trip over paper. so in order to save my ankles i have these.
you find yourself at home
 expensive
an old saying goes – people don’t leave organizations they leave managers. if a business wants its people to make a lot of money for them then it must set high standards and give employees something they can get excited about. these employees must be managed by someone who is trustworthy cares about people as well as the business and acts with integrity. managers should not do anything special but do exactly the same things that would excite and motivate them as individuals. as hr professionals it is necessary to create an open door policy so that managers can be accessible to their team members at all times.
. a greenandwhitethemed garden filled with camellias a tea olive hedge hostas hydrangeas and ferns.
sharing their crayons.
in the british airports authority was established and assumed ownership of heathrow gatwick stansted and prestwick airports.
these events foreshadow the climactic event of the boy’s life the death that marks the end of his childhood. symbolically brautigan is also looking back on what he sees as americas age of innocence. the adults that he talks about – with perhaps the singular example of his mother and her obsessive fear of gas leaks – may have been impoverished but nevertheless they seemed content with simple pleasures
. talks have begun between the french government and the new crowd in washington over the roquefort taxation issue. the new tariffs are not set to go into effect until march rd so i guess theres time to clear up the stink so to speak.
i am really excited about my upcoming vacation. only days to go. (for those of you who are looking for an empty house to rob forget about it. i hired a livein house sitter that will stay in my house all day and night for the whole time we are away.) today i took a virtual vacation by google mapping at street level. it was neat seeing the places i will be going.
he added in a lower voice “i am someone that their kind can’t deal with. i fight to win . i’m their worst nightmare. and i’m not afraid to die. if it’s worth fighting for it’s worth dying for”
ted looks down at a half empty bag of popcorn on the ground. he was getting to old for this job. as grounds keeper for the festival and hitting in a few months he knew his years of bending down picking up other peoples crap was limited.
tour date april 
and the booze at the end. don’t forget about the booze.
by making money with surveys you don’t need any technical skills or experience to use these survey sites and there are no risks involved. depending on how much you put into this paid surveys could really help contribute towards your financial security and more.
i have to admit you were a perfectly good dog until we ruined you. it’s all our fault for letting you eat people food and sleep in our bed. those decisions came back to haunt us more than once. do you remember the ham and beans? i do. i was pregnant with chickie and we had both had a ham and bean dinner (you helped yourself as i recall). except yours didn’t agree with you and you made a desperate dash to the front door. as i reached the foyer to let you out you started to lose your ham and beans. and then i stepped in it with my pregnant bare foot. and then i started to lose my ham and beans. i doubt if anyone else has had the pleasure of throwing up out in the front yard alongside their dog. thank you for that. daddy almost thought it was funny until he had to clean it up.
where green touches the hills ~
on a plane
robert tucker ph.d. d. min. president of new life spirit recovery inc. and president of association of christian alcohol and drug counselors institute huntington beach california
a new year is dawning and the great war that ravages the world shows no sign of abating. answering the siren call of egypt once more amelia peabody and her family arrive at their home in luxor to learn of a new royal tomb ransacked by thieves. soon an even more disturbing outrage concerns the intrepid clan of archaeologists the freshly and savagely slain corpse of a thief defiling the ancient burial site.yet this is nothing compared with the lethal fate that threatens ramses. besieged by the british and defended by formidable turkish and german forces the fortified seaport of gaza guards the gateway to the holy land. answering a call he cannot refuse from british military intelligence ramses must journey to this ancient fabled city to undertake a mission as personal as it is perilous. death will surely be his lot if he is caught or exposed. meanwhile ramsess wife nefret guards a secret of her own...
i loved ali g. i loved borat. i thought bruno was really funny in places but went to far in others so i am looking forward to seeing what cohen has in store for us with the dictator (aka admiral aladeen).
citizens against government waste is the nation’s largest nonpartisan nonprofit organization dedicated to eliminating waste fraud abuse and mismanagement in government. porker of the year is a dubious honor given to a lawmaker government official or political candidate who has shown the most blatant disregard for the interests of taxpayers throughout the year.
percy is basically the guy who raised billi. arthur was too consumed by his bitterness and rage to have time for his daughter so it was percy who remembered her birthdays looked after her when she was sad or ill remembered that she was more that just a soldier in the bataille tenebreuse.
terry pickens director of nuclear regulatory policy for xcel energy said plant officials encouraged sarrack to raise the issue within the nuclear industry and paid his travel expenses to a conference to give a presentation.
and then we have the brown bread with some lovely high butter fat irish butter fresh and chewy and delicious. i have given this recipe before most likely last st.patricks day but if i do say so myself it is an excellent recipe. not happy with any recipe that i found i made this one up and worked on it until i got it right. ideally you need irishstyle whole wheat flour. i get mine from king arthurs these days "a lovely “soft” flour coarsely ground a really nice match for the flour used in ireland for their wholegrain breads". there is a big difference from our whole wheat which is a hard wheat. i add the yogurt because our buttermilk is sorely lacking and i think it adds a nice tang.
the wrath of god is being revealed from heaven against all the godlessness and wickedness of men who suppress the truth by their wickedness since what may be known about god is plain to them because god has made it plain to them. for since the creation of the world god’s invisible qualities–his eternal power and divine nature–have been clearly seen being understood from what has been made so that men are without excuse. for although they knew god they neither glorified him as god nor gave thanks to him but their thinking became futile and their foolish hearts were darkened. although they claimed to be wise they became fools and exchanged the glory of the immortal god for images made to look like mortal man and birds and animals and reptiles. therefore god gave them over in the sinful desires of their hearts to sexual impurity for the degrading of their bodies with one another. they exchanged the truth of god for a lie and worshiped and served created things rather than the creator–who is forever praised. amen. because of this god gave them over to shameful lusts. even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. in the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. men committed indecent acts with other men and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. furthermore since they did not think it worthwhile to retain the knowledge of god he gave them over to a depraved mind to do what ought not to be done. – romans 
preheat your oven to ˚f. line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
he said nothing.
and i love it. oh how i love it.
“women of the tamas guna are selfish. whatever is wrong from the side of a partner — and he becomes the object of scorn mockery and hatred which are manifested in different forms.
once the zinc phosphide is ingested the dog quickly becomes sick and owners typically rush them to a vet for care. but the chemical reacts with stomach acid and water to produce the toxic gas phosphine.
roxanne mcmillian surviving but paralyzed from the waist down.
how to select a fashionable watch?
while there is still a sense of disconnection in the film this takes second place to the threatening ghosts on the film’s front burner. the words of one character make it perfectly clear that these ghosts want our lives which is “what they don’t have anymore”. instead of inspiring fear with their very presence as proof of eternal loneliness and our fate as disconnected individuals these ghosts go for the jugular and suck the life from any unfortunate victims they encounter. after “they get their hands on you” the spirits suck your will to live and your body “dies from right under you” turning into clumps of black ash.
navy skirt by morgan taylor studio salvation army (recent $.)
the edge is somehow looks like ribbon but it tasted really good and i think the color is perfect.
"i hate this place. it stinks and its dirty and theres piss everywhere and needles and garbage and yesterday when i went for a run in the park i had to traverse a trail that had been completely covered in used toilet paper. ive been robbed at gunpoint here just down the street from my apartment. san francisco is expensive and ill never be able to afford to buy a home. the city government is corrupt theres nowhere to park the people are all fucking crazy and dont even get me started about muni.
“remember all i am offering is the truth nothing more…”
it was delicious and filling and definitely the perfect dinner on a cold winter’s night. plus it made so much that i have lots of leftovers. i paired it with some rice but it would be great with some crusty sourdough bread.
only days left until fdic if you havent registered yet do it now do not miss the greatest training on the planet also go ahead and register for firehouse expo in baltimore another great conference.
i completely understand that as i am affiliated elsewhere i didnt expect to be able to participate in the democratic caucuses. but at least they welcomed me as an observer. i tried on the state gops website to verify the location of my precincts meeting and it wouldnt even let me see the information without registering as a republican. now even with the recent redistricting i already knew my precinct and where we were supposed to meet. but i knew immediately i wasnt even welcome as an observer in the gops meetings.
there is hope for humanity after all.
thankful for evil email arriving when an evil call did not – damn evil jet lag – too tired to stay awake and call home…..
“officers. the officers of this society shall be a president vice president and secretary. there shall also be a prayer meeting committee of five a social committee of five and a lookout committee of five.
ieng sary (pol pot’s brotherinlaw) “brother number “ deputy prime minister arrested in 
these few spears so are growing so big and tall – they’re way over ft already. lucky it is next to a fence so it doesn’t get in the way too much. last year they were still pretty droopy ferns but as they’re getting thicker they’re standing up more.
for me this movie is the synonym of christmas since i can remember i’ve watched this film someday betwwen decmber th and christmas day to get me into the christmas spirit.
first there are two kinds of v sounds in english – the v and the w.
approaching the castle it appears to squat despondently looming large until the massive walls dominate the view. flocks of cawing crows and jackdaws buffeted by the wind in the sullen sky only add to the sense of eerie and timeless remoteness. but like much of the coastline here it also feels transient ephemeral. up close the stonework is crumbling (so much so that despite renovation work in recent years it is now only open for guided tours) the individual blocks of sandstone and caen limestone heavily weathered gradually dissolving the flesh wasting away to leave a skeleton of mortar. the entrance is padlocked shut such that i am only able to view the crumbling keep fleetingly from behind barred gates or through decaying window arches in the dshaped bastions. but it seems an appropriate way to visit the castle still retains its sense of foreboding and impenetrability.
it was almost three weeks ago now that my little friend the stomach bug decided to take up residence in my intestines (wow this post is off to a great start already isn’t? i promise i won’t be gross…) but i am happy to say that i’m finally feeling back to normal (or at least close to it) and my lab test results came back clear. yesterday i ate an entire burger at my favorite joint downtown and truly… it was a mouthgasm. ask my mom. i was almost in tears it was so good. there was a little bit of grunting and groaning and cavewoman sounds going on. don’t judge. you’d be doing the same thing if you’d been eating toast and applesauce for three weeks straight.
my only pieces of criticism are that captain america still looks a bit crap (but i like they make a joke of it) and that hawkeye was sexier in the comic books but that’s it. i know i know i must be the only hawkeye fan. stupid outfit and all. but i think i kind of have a thing for archers (legolas excluded). i find them rather sexy. green arrow was number on my list. also going back to the film i found it a bit heavy on the allamerican pep talk but that’s in the comics too so i can’t really complain; it was bound to be.
i was beginning to think that he was going to eat the cat (not calling him gore vidal anymore) so hungry was he. his stomach rumbled all last night something sounding like the pained moans of a wounded creature echoing through the deep dark cave itd crawled away to die in.
you see i am very lazy. so all of this new found motivation and momentum has really got me going against my natural procrastinatey sensibilities. posting a daily blog isnt that complicated so you may be thinking whats the big deal? and its not a big deal. i guess you can say that doing one more thing this past week aka writing a blog post that has effort humor thought wit etc put into it (you see even though i am a lazy sod i am a sight perfectionist and i want this blog to be quality not just quantity. not just empty lazy weak posts just for the sake of posting) was basically the straw that broke this mommys back.
if this trend doesnt scare you then go bold. if you own it everyone will love it leopard print dress macys $.
several years ago having witnessed more and more of the hill being excavated i enquired as to what on earth was going on with such a beautiful unspoiled area of countryside and was told by the planning department that they were quite happy with the goingson and that mr wood had planning permission for a farm track and a sheephandling shed. the land was so special and indeed worthy of sssi listing before the desecration was carried out.
but this summer i saw one for real in the woods at somerford common. it was hovering near a mound of straw a nest of some kind with a small tunnel entrance. and it was huge the hornet that is this wasnt a large wasp it was a golden iridescent gobsmacking monster. its enormous i kept saying aloud; absolutely bloody huge.
culture and the hunt by ted kerasote p. ).
i was craving chocolate. hubby wanted cake. i was tired and didnt feel like going to the store to get cocoa. even though my favorite chocolate cake recipe doesnt have cocoa powder in it i wanted to try something new. i was going to do a pumpkin chocolate marble cake. but i didnt. i was so tired from being at straits restaurant the night before and drinking with some friends i really didnt want to be in the kitchen all day baking a cake. plus i had a slight headache from the pinot grigio that i drank. i only had glasses...my days of drinking are seriously over.
weight watchers is an amazing program
fleece absorbs moisture and traps it between its fibers. these covers are custom made to fit your little one. they can be used over cloth diapers disposable diapers and even underwear for your little one who is potty training.
to qualify for the drawing.
sometimes (and by sometimes i mean every single day) there is so much amazingness on the internet that im overwhelmed with the task of keeping up. here are some awesome things ive found recently.
the good point is that i get to add some tatting into whatever i do period appropriate and all that good stuff ) ill have to make myself a choker with some of the velvet ribbon. sigh as if i need one more project on my growing todo list. the madness never ends.
brewflott 
but im writing about these pictures not to create a new wardrobe list for myselfive actually got a shopping list for the year (or two or three) going already and its doing quite fine without these additions. for the first time in a very long time (it seems) i got so excited upon seeing a celebrityevent photo. given all the overthetop styling i see on celebrities models fashion professionals etc. its nice to look at simplicity like this. it makes me think "propre but not too propre."
he told the cincinnati enquirer ‘the only way i felt anyone would pay attention would be an article in a respected journal by a respected cardiologist.’
liverpool rested most of their big boys against the cottagers. the reds have a hot date with chelsea in the fa cup final on saturday.
after that the president abraham lincoln called for volunteers to invade the seven southern states and force them by arms into submission themselves. he also ordered a naval blockade even though the navy was not then strong enough to enforce it.
my gorgeous girl has been incredibly brave so much more than i ever would have been. she took it all in her stride let nurses doctors consultants surgeons and plaster technicians assess the damage and ask her questions. im very proud of her. it feels like weve done a lot of messing about but the most important thing is that shes absolutely fine albeit in a plastercast. and im knackered
last year workers experimented with small sections of fencing and they were pleased by the results. so they decided this year to try the effort on a bigger scale.
iris james the postmistress is listening to "that gal" on the radio as frankie bard redefines what a hero is. this long quote (from pages ) was one of my favorites
except the orthopedist insisted that i go to fox rehab & specifically to ryan. i went for my first appointment on thursday determined to give ryan one shot. i pass by a dozen other physical therapy places on the way to him and wonder which exercises i’d be prescribed this time.
if we had more answers?
i was recently on a train travelling from gatwick airport to london with my earphones and mp player on. up until then my little device had behaved itself sending up tunes that were suited to my mood id just said goodbye to my mother who had stayed with us during the summer. i wanted music that was neither of the weepy type nor of the uplifting kind. my mp had seemed to copy my brains instructions fairly well; i did not have to press once the skip button as i made my way to the train station.
your place in the “pecking order”; the dominance hierarchy how
our rules were that they had to be at least inches in length and wide enough to fit onto a large spoolabout inches wide. the rest was up to each individual and look at the beautiful snippet rolls they each created i absolutely love each of them
p.s. i bought myself an ipad a few weeks ago ( ) anyone have suggestions or advice how to post a blogpost on it? im only finding paid apps for it.
) step into the awkwardness
but it felt good to be able to create again
before you start yelling at me that ive taught my son that "god" is a bad word stfu and hear me out. we taught him that phrases like "oh my god" should be replaced with "oh my gosh" because for some people the word "god" is important and we dont want to be rude. we also taught him the difference between "look at that amazing painting of jesus christ" and "jesus christ that painting just fell on me". big difference.
their old man.
 “using “male” and “female” as reproductive categories reduces people to nothing more than their genitals.”
still to come tonight the big show will face alberto del rio.
enjoy the colors if nature in spring.
i don’t mind it so much as i had to start my career all over again also. i had published books since with my old publisher dorchester who went out of business. its a horrible and depressing story and i’ve put it behind me and as i said i started all over again.
id also like us to realize that you don’t have to have one career for the rest of your life. changing your mind is ok. learning completely new things is ok. taking things slowly is ok. gobbling things up is ok. quitting is ok. having the freedom to choose and the time to change is important. as a young person it is goodit is empoweringto be trusted and respected.
according to frances nuclear safety body a man was killed seriously burned another and slightly injured three others in an explosion at a nuclear waste site in southern france. the explosion happened in an oven used to melt radioactive metallic waste. for more details read
nowhere in this book does it say this but if we are to honor love obey respect and etc our husbands and we fail to do so what does that say about out walk with god. are we really obeying him? i honestly thought everything was ok with how i am in my marriage. god showed me that was a lie from the devil trying to deceive me into thinking that. first i preach at my husband and never are we supposed to do that. second i let him know his ideas arent the best (not in a loving way). this is uncalled for next i as his wife am to follow his leadership not be the leader or try to which i was guilty of.
i should be back to normal bloggin soon. ive got some recipes brewing in my head that im dying to try.
what flowers to wear when? ‘tis an ordeal je sais. my rule of thumb is that if it’s not in season during this…err…season then let it be for a bit at least until it’s a tad closer to said flower’s bloom time. also make note of the colour like any good accessory. would you find the placement of a bright yellow carnation to be appropriate in winter? no not really. keep that gorgeous lovely for the spring and summer darling. mums dahlias and the like in muted or jewel tone colours are much better for the fall and winter. keeping this in mind helps to keep the look very authentic and very much time appropriate.
* dealt with depression and suicidal thoughts
it’s true that the banksters have all the money. they have so much money that they have purchased the nypd and turned them into ruthless oppressors and common thugs.
“how exactly did they threaten you?”
friday december 
smoothed out as well as she could.
"so" he says turning back to me "things are good for the kalas. each circuit took a couple of years to sail from scales to japan and back but it was so profitable. shame eventually japan would close itself off to trade. the kalas might have become billionaires decades earlier. before that happened though there was a change in the kalas themselves. count kala passed on and maria went into seclusion. their eldest son marko kala took over and decided to change the policy. he sent their ships south to spanish territory. he had jesuits on each ship and instructed them to say that they were a distant mission if questioned."
does anyone really like mince pies?
….and not a reason to doubt?
the turnout came up to about the performances by the two dancers jerome and jeremy goh got the people clapping. emceeing the night was a tough job and i worked up a lingering sorethroat from my recent bout of illness.
and that leads me to a couple of other aspects.
mari
it was a mixture of memory degradation and visual hallucination. and then when everything lost all meaning to him he sighed and gave in.
“i don’t know dear why don’t you ask i’ll forgive the indecorous question and only show mild surprise at a lady using such language and i’ll do my best to answer”
the point i was originally trying to make is that if youve read all my shit youve clearly read this post. and if youve read that you clearly remember two characters i introduced in that post alice and fuckle.
the blue glow from the tv illuminates her sad face. i hate this part. waking her up. she always starts crying when she looks at me. but we need to go to bed.
thus one who knows that he must work in kṛṣṇa consciousness who no longer desires to enjoy this material world is actually learned. everyone is working in the material world due to lust (kāma) but the wise man is free from the dictations of this lust (kāmasaṅkalpavarjitāḥ). how is this possible? jñānāgnidagdhakarmāṇam the fire of knowledge burns up all reactions of sinful activities. it is the most potent of purifiers. our lives have meaning and direction only in so far as we strive to attain this transcendental knowledge of kṛṣṇa consciousness rājavidyā which is the king of all knowledge.
health officials say the disease tends to return in threetofiveyear cycles.
hoping to surprise him you quietly make your way to the bedroom a mischievous grin playing at the corners of your mouth as you approach the closed door.
then she will be happy forever and always.
as pair volunteers college students have the opportunity to make a true impact in our own city for up to four years a chance that is truly onceinalifetime. i have personally seen my very first refugee students sixthgraders at the time grow and change into confident young adults about to go on to high school. it has been a great privilege to play a role in mentoring them at a crucial time in their lives. through the relationships with my students i have learned so much what hope in the face of adversity looks like how to listen to teenage woes and most importantly the value of having longterm dedication to those i care to serve.
bringing in produce from overseas is not of course a novelty for local growers. "we are already a net importer of fruit and vegetables" said federal independent mp bob katter today. and while the present deep cuts to prices for these consumables reflect recent good harvests due to the la nina effect that has delivered strong rainfalls in australia you wonder what will happen when the situation changes. will coles and woolworths lift their prices or will they continue to look overseas for cheaper alternatives?
psmy sweet friend seldon emailed me to let me know piperlime is having a % off sale that ends today enter code xoxo. pretty sweet valentines day treat
so me and my friends are plotting new projects that are supposed to come to life in the summer. look forward to them. i really hope i will have time for them no i must.
the secret to posting with images is to use explorer rather than firefox.
so why is this even a topic of debate? well the recently completed county audit by evergreen suggested that the county adopt an ad valorem method of sales tax distribution. in other words use the taxes collected based upon the distribution of property values; the same method used for taxing property. this would shift $.million dollars that had been being alocated by the cities to be retained by the county government for budget use or for tax relief to all county taxpayers.
but the bearded one needs to take his medicine.
ii ) disclosure of the physical location of call center employees unless they are located in the united states and
it is obvious to everyone that yes the prime minister would benefit from the p tax cut. so why doesnt he just come out and admit to it. because then we would not all be”in this together”… would we?
if the cartoon didnt make you laugh these should
president jon greendeer
we tried to get more out of her but i think our stunned expressions might have caught her off guard and she refused to tell us anything more.
me "yes."
let me introduce you to a friend of mine. ive known her for awhile now although she just recently moved here from new york where her shortlived college education preceded an equally shortlived career as a model.
until now it has only been possible to isolate a relatively small number of mature human egg cells directly from the ovaries of women who have been stimulated with hormones. this technical limitation has led to an acute shortage of human eggs or “oocycts” for ivf treatment as well as scientific research.
face behind the mask daddy
please keep katie in your thoughts and prayers. and dont worry about me ill be okay as long as shes okay.
dry bores? maybe our reporter needs to head out to the country club and interview a few of them at the old nineteenth hole where he can get to know them on a more personal level.
. is it a particle? a wave? combination or something entirely different???
irvin gets a horrible bad rap from his past and he is not that man no more.
you need to decorate pretty much everything info together with the application to help you get agreement swiftly. your credit score is not a ingredient that can influence the whole process of agreement. so even those that have low credit score can also be permitted.
however i quickly realized that contracts (something which does not exist in the u.s.) can make or break you in france. meaning that if you dont have a permanent contract you are not taken seriously. so even though i had an income it wasnt being looked at when we started searching for an apt. so i realized i had to get a permanent contract (c.d.i.) and get one fast. i looked for about one year before finally finding one. i sometimes laugh and say i can give a course on how to go on interviews since i have done so many.
david my favorite parts of the music seen around here are the people i get to play music with; the seco pearl; kunm freeform & my recording studio up in questa the barn.
a couple of weeks ago pumpkin made his nd first communion you can read about that here. he wanted to go through the ceremony with his friends. he looks pretty happy here and i am sure it was because he got to celebrate with friends and dad was the deacon(the one making bunny ears)
im going to be arbitrary and say that the konrathisler piece marks the point at which selfpublishing went mainstream (at least as mainstream as publishing business models ever get). maybe it went mainstream earlier but certainly not any later anything ive heard of is mainstream because i have my ear to the ground on exactly nothing. if nothing else barry eisler admitting that he passed up a halfmilliondollar advance to selfpublish was a huge event without any precedent that im aware of.
fit for worship is the east
sate bulus ( turtle satay )
(otherwise you may smear it with a top colour)
may lexington kentucky als bar widiot glee
but it is still the worlds best known
another top excabinet minister daim zainudin is more shadowy but no less influential. although he speaks softly oppositionists should not forget that the elites and umno vested interests carry a big stick.
i have everything ready to go. fabrics chosen cut sorted and colours figured out. i had a hard time finding the right border fabric but i think what i ended up with will work well. the shops in my area dont sell kansas troubles very often and i had to go with a very similarly toned buggy barn instead. youll see it when i get the top assembled.
a note on eating glutenfree
have you ever been playing your xbox or your ps and thought to yourself “self…this is just too much work. hitting all of these buttons exerts far too much energy. i wish that there was a way i could just sit on my couch stare at my screen and control this game with my mind”? well good news. now you can
“they must be evacuated obviously” i said annoyed. i don’t like being rushed into any decision especially one as important as this.
call them what you will tramps bums hobo’s the homeless they intrigue me. if i see one of them exhibiting particularly strange behaviour i am fascinated and usually can’t put them out of my mind for at least a day or two until something else catches my eye and my attention. they always leave me with more questions than answers…
all the reviews i read of this place said that a celebrity sighting would be a given and sure enough we saw emma stone and freida pinto not together although they did chat. ive actually had a big week of celebrity sightings... including elizabeth banks the day after the met gala hiding behind dark glasses. im assuming im not the only one who put her on the worst dressed list. but the most major sighting of my week hoda kotb in central park. seriously if i hadnt been in a hurry i would have tackled her and forced her to call kathie lee to go daydrinking with me because would there be anyone more fun to daydrink with than kathie lee and hoda?
the maya who settled in chichén (spanish for ‘the mouth of the well’) around ad are credited with an advanced and brilliant knowledge of astronomy the most famous structure which is believed to have been built before ad is the temple of kulkulkan renamed ‘el castillo’ by the spanish. this seventyeight hundred foot tall pyramid is actually a solar calendar with which the maya worked out exactly when to plant their crops. there are ninetyone steps on each side and another step up to the roof altar and every day the shadows fall upon a different step.
how was your weekend? mine was...well...i guess exhausting is the nicest way to put it. you see our family was supposed to go out of town this weekend to celebrate my grandmothers th birthday. towards the end of last week the baby had several rough nights in a row. he woke up pretty bad on friday morning so we made the gametime decision that my husband would stay home with the baby.
shareology’s favorite accessories store has just moved to a new location near and lyndale. next time you’re at best buy head east in the center to our little secret; it’s just around the corner from the mattress store.
so as far as i can tell there are two types of zombies
my second resolution is an easy one. im going to drink more...............
) the thoughtful gift nothing beats a gift with that person in mind purchasing your loved one’s favourite dvd cd or book will mean more to them than giving them an expensive complicated appliance (that they’ll probably never use). or how about enlarging and framing a favourite photograph of the two of you. it’s all about the care and thought behind the gift
i know this isnt an original idea but almost all the lists i found had holiday activities included and i wanted one that was just for winter. so here you go. simply click on the image below and save it to your computer to print. it looks great up to an x but i printed mine as a x to fit on the clipboard.
 . n .
i will be at mqx in providence ri from april thth. check out my hands on
. i like that one too. i notice that you also review books on several sites. what are your favorite genres to review?
oh woe. oh pain why did i do this? why?
were going back to the era of the great fire one more time to take a look at the man in charge of the city during that time cornelius w. lawrence the first elected mayor of new york.
my advice think independently seek information that either confirms or refutes your initial impression about a new product offering and think more slowly with a contrarian perspective.
notice that you hear nothing about a house or a sign? but of course when we want to look at krsna’s horoscope we want to know what his rising sign was and so forth – that is fine – but that’s not how the ancient indian astrologers looked at it.
the goal of the exhibit is to address the many facets of death. one entire section of the chicago cultural center is devoted to mexico’s day of the dead. this portion of the exhibit contains a funeral procession of deathrelated artwork including altar paintings drawings and photography.
. when the sun goes down (livin’ blues) 
amidst our course’s considerations of h.g. gadamer’s “truth and method” (philosophical hermeneutics with merold westphal to provide greater context) we have seriously looked at seeing texts. i only plan to draw one thought one possibility therefrom; the manner by which reading parallels performance.
you can serve it as it is but i made coffee flavoured swiss meringue buttercream to go along with it.
getting rid of everything i owned was fabulous and frankly i’d recommend it to anyone and everyone at least once in your life. but now that i’m trying to accumulate again and have a three bedroom house to fill it’s hard to just buy things and of course most of it ends up coming from ikea which hopefully just doesn’t say anything about me (except that i ain’t got no money).
it blows your mind.
this episode of svu involves sex lies manipulation and all around awful behavior. which is all pretty standard here but in this case it’s coming from an unexpected source. and that’s…still pretty standard here.
against truth
jill here....seems like fall is coming around the corner. our weather has been beautiful and much nicer to sew with all the windows open sometimes when im designing brain freeze occurs and i just have to switch to a less creative mode. this weekend baby quilts temporarily took over as there is somewhat of a time issue they are happy and relatively small so i unearthed a couple from the unfinished pile and brought them close to finished. and the backings are the icing on the cake.....chenille and minkie
prepare your mind for the hurricane force winds of spilt milk and measure them with a wet finger. where you get the fluid is up to you blood is readily available.
the word bhajete is significant here. bhajete has its root in the verb bhaj which is used when there is need of service. the english word “worship” cannot be used in the same sense as bhaja. worship means to adore or to show respect and honor to the worthy one. but service with love and faith is especially meant for the supreme personality of godhead. one can avoid worshiping a respectable man or a demigod and may be called discourteous but one cannot avoid serving the supreme lord without being thoroughly condemned. every living entity is part and parcel of the supreme personality of godhead and thus every living entity is intended to serve the supreme lord by his own constitution. failing to do this he falls down. the bhāgavatam confirms this as follows
*ohio photographers . diane vanskiver gagel carl mautz publishing nevada city ca pg .
you know what …
even going to mass or confession do not in themselves indicate that we are catholic. if i go to mass but pick and choose from a menu which parts of christs teaching to follow then what right do i have to go round telling people that being catholic is about guilt?
i was going to call it just because i wear blue doesnt mean i am blue tuesdays but brian nixed it and said it was too long and then i said ah i think its funny and he said that it actually wasnt.
yes i can hardly breathe.
predicting economic disaster
nikita ( p.m.) and supernatural ( p.m.) finish their seasons on friday may .
so this “weekend” has been “pas mal”. still lots to do. change the diapers find a paper bag thing for the vac and map out the stuff i’ll get professional help for (engine pipes and tubeservice zincs electrics some hull fillings etc).
you may have mentioned this on your website before but i flipped open my parenting (school years) magazine and saw your face and name on the goodnites advertisement for their new litenights campaign. ill have to check out that site to read more about it (its an issue of my kids struggle with). you dont have to name names but have any of your kids had nighttime issues with staying dry??
the outbound scenery was impressive. suburbs are randomly scattered throughout the vast vicinity of sand. good luck to anyone who ever decides to air raid the uae the houses seem to camouflage into the sand. this giving the impression that the houses and fences are made of sand to blend in with the sand. it was so bright i had to wear sunglasses just to look out the plane window. i was disappointed i didn’t spot a camel. but the place intrigues me that much that i will definitely be back for further exploration… that and i really want to go to ferrari world
why is he laughin? i wondered.
nonsense noone even listened to them. if you werent making an impassioned speech that mentioned bevan at least three times or spitting the word "blairism" across the chamber you might as well have gone home.
caution this might be all theory
sorry my dear son… i will surely wait to find that little tea cup yorkie for us both and find avenues to get over my little fear of dogs rather than obtain a cat ugghhh…..
“if we’re going to carry on this relationship he has to get saved and we’re going to have to get married” she thought to herself.
so for our hunter one might make them more susceptible to melee slashing piercing and blows because they are accustomed to fighting from afar. play around with the settings until you find something that you like
there is little chance that congress will amend the law so as to allow the flow of u.s. taxpayer cash to resume. but those supporting such a move got a boost recently when comedy central’s “the daily show” did a segment intended to spoof the cutoff. the satire complimented unesco’s own efforts to persuade americans that they are a collection of nonpolitical dogooders whose efforts are being hampered. but as claudia rosett writes in an important piece in the weekly standard the truth about unesco is a familiar story for those who follow the world of international nongovernmental organizations. the corruption of the agency and in particular its efforts in the african nation of gabon (which was the focus of “the daily show’s” skits) serves as a warning of how the world body wastes american money intended for charitable purposes.
these nnn and nnk levels are lower across the board than those of moist snuff products from the s and s which i documented in a review article in (here). epidemiologic studies from the s and s show that oral cancer risks among moist snuff users were minimally elevated if at all when those higher level products were being used.
movies tv shows and madefortv movies are visual. the scripts are primarily parsed into two categories – dialogue and action. the dialogue is not stale and typical; it reveals the characters the conflict etc. just like in a novel. the action shows us the movement that occurs within the movie.
rsby scores over the uid model because its smart card can function as effectively offline. swarup who has publicly debated with nilekani on this issue at several forums points out that developing countries like india need an offline system to be fully functional since real time connectivity is a long way off.
.fiddling john carson bachelors hall
father’s day is one of those.
after another three to five sets of some boring jack lalanneisms wed be released to do our own thing. ummm... fun?? not usually. the boys would wander off to one side of the gym and pick teams for dodge ball fatties on one side jocks on the other. it was a massacre never underestimate the strength of a fat kid with a chance to ping a ball off of some snotty jocks groin nuff said about that...
my earliest convenience got me there yesterday afternoon. mcgills is a pretty small place maybe tables but at least waiters walking around. i must say the service was spectactular and marty my waiter was very speedy and friendly. he walked right up after i was seated and mentioned the specials. i didnt pay attention because i was just going to get some french onion soup. i told him that and marty gave me a wink and a smile and said "you must have heard how great it is". i said i did.
( i wonder what next step i can take now to keep changing the way i am. )
joan always had an ear for songs. the covers she chooses and invariably executes perfectly are a big part of joans draw. her versions of jonathan richmonds roadrunner sly stones everyday people tommy james crimson and clover and especially the mary tyler moore show theme love is all around are all killer renditions.
then come the lightmoderate days which is the key to working out more than days a week; it’s doable and safe but you can’t go full throttle every day
 waiting for the man
notice he doesn’t just step out. he asks for jesus to command him. he’s been in a storm with jesus before (matt ). peter knows the power of jesus’ word – his word is obeyed so peter wants a word from jesus to command him. and the word is powerful to enable that which it commands (jesus’ word is like that). peter does the impossible because jesus commands it.
 squirmings
here are three video clips that will never not be funny. i had a great many writings on maury on my old angelfire site and was able to save many of them after that nutcase and her sycophantic friends had my page deleted. these are some of the paternity stories i included in my popular recap series.
the ordered piles of stone laid a long time ago vanish
lexs rump cap is one of the more unusual cuts available. commonly available at brazilian churrasco and known as picanha the rump cap is one of the juiciest cuts you can get. its soft fatty and flavoursome made even better with a splash of marrow and shallot sauce that is poured at the table.
i keep getting email from classmates.com and it tells me that someone signed my classmates guestbook but i cant see who did it im unfortunately not a member... if you happen to find this blog and are an old classmate of mine please feel free to contact me through this email
further reading
it was on one of these walks that she made a discovery. the boy lived in her apartment complex. (kickass)
yet another interesting metric is to see which individual authors are the most read amongst the blogs.
it is such a remarkable and unspoiled place and the coastal scenery is so unique and spectacular. it is also britain’s first designated area of outstanding natural beauty (aonb).
all of you
the unfunded liability is the amount that has been promised in benefits to people now alive that will not be funded by the tax revenue the system is expected to take in to pay for those benefits. (the social security trustees calculate the unfunded liability for a period of years into the future from to )
the morning comes on
i will even take the time to get this book finished too.
r bistro "brined and roasted turkey vegetable salad" i didnt think this was a dish that would draw people in to their restaurant necessarily. it was good but didnt stand out. the turkey was fine. the vegetable salad with filled with yummy raw veggies cabbage green beans radishes i think. it was fine. but not great.
it’s not an exhaustive list by any manner of means but it is indicative of some of the big issues. it can be expanded as we go – or indeed challenged. it serves i think to indicate that scotland thinks and feels differently about big issues in society that we pull towards a different path that we would be more comfortable more stable feel more in solidarity if we went our own way.
its a pms trifecta
morello aw phreak’s whimpering.
join us on tuesday may st for a unique cinemaperformance event as part of the proteus migration film & video series.
plus of silas wardrobe consists of small paul gear from target so cute and so cheap
pressure on the devil. too often many wait until the pressure comes to them
when i read about rave reviews of it’s skin power formula vb effector in blogs i know i have to get hold of it too.
along the way righetti has also appeared in numerous horror films. her first film role was in the lowbudget chiller "angel blade" () but her successful television carer led her to starring roles in "return to house on haunted hill" () and the remake of "friday the th" and the recently released "shadow of fear".
but even dorothy was able to wake up from her experience and realize what parts were real and which were not. the people in her real life bled over into the adventure she had while she was unconsciousleeping.
from those deep cisterns flows.
shankar slowly opened his eyes.
papou turned it back on again at a lower volume and half the diners got up and danced.
odor wind and water resistant
expound on your sssssss love in the comments.
while sarah (who is very minor in this book) is calling meetings and serving refreshments to boston’s magical in hopes of bringing the loose and paranoid talented into some sort of agreement evie is busy trying to talk with the dead and rescue her boyfriend from himself.
joke around with her.
what was most inspiring on a very personal muggle level was that p. came along to the reading and afterparty. he had plenty of work to do but he insisted on coming. he was one of maybe a dozen men there and he spoke up and asked a thoughtful question during the q&a. the dude was part of the feminist conversation. and as we walked home later that night two hot toddies and a pitstop at the belgian waffle truck later i thought about how much my ideas about words like "wife" and "marriage" have changed in the three and a half years since our wedding. how much i love being called p.s wife when since were laying down the cards here that word made me cringe for a long long time. what meg and the women behind apw articulate so beautifully is that you can be a feminist and be happily devotedly joyfully married. not that marriage isnt a bumpy road at times but you can be a staunch feminist and be a wife. the two are not mutually exclusive; this is something my grandmother and mother espouse wholeheartedly but something i had to figure out for myself.
onions large
hi again after making up some cards for my wednesday card group i had some pieces left over so i decided to make a card with the pieces. nothing fancy and i am sure you have seen enough of fresh vintage samples but it really is the greatest saleabration stamp in my books anyway.
now shape the tarts divide the dough into equal pieces. lightly flour a work surface grab one piece of dough and using the heel of your hand flatten it into a cm (in) circle.
everything that you do individually is done on behalf on the entirety of humanity and we are awed by your great determination to surpass all former expectations of what can be accomplished.
. dice the onion and cut the chorizo into small halfmoon slices.
*i love my note
one big problem — the only problem — was that the volume was too loud for the venue. i’m not griping about volume. but the venue really couldn’t handle that much sound. we had seats up in the balcony and when we were up there things were a bit crackly.
~its even better quality than i expected. i thought the pages would be thin like a sheet but theyre puffy and thick and fabulous.
margo tamez
 teenage dreams
i’ve painted too. when i was a freshmen we had an event in my dorm called worship painting. it was really cool. we prayed about a word that just stuck out to us. the word i chose was “belong.” along with that word i painted other words within it. i even managed to paint a dove in the dark. it was pretty cool and interesting to see where the painting took us.
the use of the word performances suggests an opportunity to ‘act out’ an image and the potential for subversion and resistance as discussed by jacqueline rose in her analysis of lacan.
the daily menus are just suggestions. feel free to mix it up however you like )
also the “use” stage of all three types of lamps represents the most energyintensive lifecycle stage accounting for percent of total lifecycle energy on average. this is followed by the manufacturing and transport phases respectively. transport represents less than one percent of lifecycle energy use for all lamp types.
the bad news for me beyond all that lack of sleep stuff is that my sore throat is not going away and my ear and head congestion is still present and my ear still is hurting and totally full of fluid. i’ll be talking to my doc again tomorrow to see if with the info about the girls having strep if he wants to rethink my diagnosis and prescription. he didn’t test me for strep or even talk about it quite honestly. so who knows. i’m just ready to be done with meds and sick and all of this. i’m ready to be able to hear out of my right ear. i’m ready for my throat to not hurt enough to make me wince every single time i swallow. i’m ready for my eyes to not be blurry all the time and scary looking. i’m frustrated that we keep getting hit with this stuff. i’m tired of being powerless to keep them from getting the next thing going around. and i’m done hearing that “all kids who go to school get sick.” we’re past that. this is going on months of almost constant illness. that’s just plain ridiculous. if i haven’t said it before i’ll tell you now. braska’s going to get an extra week off school next week. call it “spring break the doover.”
arrgghh fucking canadians
smoking is bad for you but smoking is a choice. the ads are telling teenagers that if you choose to start smoking you are choosing to become a "slave to tobacco" and thus choosing to submit to its influence. right on. on the other hand sexual abuse is so far from being a choice its not even on the same planet as the word choice and as such someone who is forced to perform oral sex did not choose to be in that submissive role so to even imply that they are the same thing is just disgusting.
i almost always nut out my overall design digitally before committing to scissors and glue so i get the best of both worlds... a digi page and a traditional version. this process is what keeps me motivated and challenges me in working out how i can reproduce the digital elements and textures in the traditional format without having to rely solely on printing them.
“that’s your plan?” asked laurel. “run away and let someone else deal with it.”
“blaine just called. they found chase’s body last night and a kid from school is missing again.”
connected in a unique way
does that have anything to do with this gold thing you are talking about?
(i burnt one batch so i had to taste test this lot they were still a tad crunchy s)
well it turned out that this sandwich tasted like the vegetarian version of a philly cheese steak. grilled portobello mushrooms were incredible and meaty. artichoke hearts were creamy like mayonnaise. the sundried tomatoes added tang and texture. i still didn’t like feta but that was ok. the hoagie was delicious.
me those promises don’t carry over to moms you know.
. optional closing prayer
am up and having coffee sitting outside on our bedroom deck
lotus didn’t run during the worst of the weather on day one of the testing technical director james allison said “we had a busy programme lined up for jerome including a fair amount of aerodynamic work sensor measurement work and of course preparing foundations for romain over the next two days.
it said scores of countries faced the possibility of social unrest particularly those in the eu and the arab region.
topic – secure communities
“what’s this shit i hear across the scanner about a shoot out?” asked mr. parker.
why don’t you all shut up
lower floor sitting area; the angles are nonrectilinear creating intrigue amongst the primarily neutral color palette in the space. the floor lamps have a tripod metal base and the windows are shaped as pentagons which contrasts against the linear wood panels on the walls and ceiling.
sligo sounds like the name of a board game so does uniopolis; and overpeck?
we also honour thy love of jesus o thou that art called the brother of the lord on whose venerable features was stamped the likeness of our redeemer. if like the rest of the apostles thou didst abandon him in his passion thy repentance was speedy and earnest for thou wast the first after peter to whom he appeared after his resurrection. we affectionately congratulate thee o james for the honour thus conferred upon thee; do thou in return obtain for us that we may taste and see how sweet is our risen lord. thy ambition was to give him every possible proof of thy gratitude; and the last testimony thou didst bear in the faithless city to the divinity of thy dear master (when the jews took thee to the top of the temple) opened to thee by martyrdom the way that was to unite thee to him for eternity. pray for us o thou generous apostle that we also may confess his holy name with the firmness which befits his disciples; and that we may ever be brave and loyal in proclaiming his rights as king over all creatures.
meanwhile i am keeping my family and friends wellsupplied with swiss chard these days. warning if we have plans to meet for coffee i will show up with swiss chard spinach and arugula. it is simply a given.
last bottled beer of abita jockamo ipa at hamilton tavern on harford road a halfhour after the previous beer. $ a bottle im writing about cheap beer for midatlantic brewing news and i had no idea louisiana had a damned clue what an ipa was. not bad. not terrific but definitely drinkable.
fishy composed
i can’t from this fairly cursory examination of the data find out whether this is due to crimes in these categories tending to become more severe or whether sentencing for similar types of crimes attracting harsher sentences. but it’s hardly consistent with the hypothesis that the bracksbrumby government was a soft touch when it came to sentencing policy.
i headed to ikea and grabbed the stools cheap. they are the perfect size for nd graders to move around to different centers. i have rain gutters for show casing my thematic books. the white board is magnetic so my students use it as a making words center. there are tons of books in tubs on shelves and on the floor. i keep a cozy bean bag there as well as pillows for them to spread out on. i am still looking for the perfect bench...the one pictured is borrowed from the hall and i am sure i will have to return it. i was thinking maybe colored adirondack chairs in its place?
interiors and antiques.
a warning light recently lit up on the dashboard of my car. it was a bearded “u” with an exclamation point in the middle. either i needed to stop immediately for a game of horseshoes with zach galifianakis or else there was something wrong with one of my tires. i looked at the owner’s manual and found out the indicator was indicating i might be having an issue with tire pressure.
proceedings of the national electronics conference volume 
dad you know i teach real estate licensing classes right?
she hasnt had one is a very very long time.
"from there to here and from here to there funny things are everywhere"
finally the latest with us. we were able to take a lot of drives this fall and saw some awesome fall leaves it was so much fun to drive together and chat and enjoy the beautiful views. we did a hike and got dinner and just drove around to different places.
her life.
i still love writing fantasy and scifi but is it my passion? firmly i can say no. it is not my passion. many times i caught myself saying to myself "you should work on this fantasy novel over this contemp novel because it has a better chance of selling" even though my muse was quite clearly in favor of the contemp novel. that made me feel dirty and wrong. that isnt the right reason to work on one project over the other.
the one place however that i should not be screwing up on is what to feed my kids to keep them from getting sick. the last few weeks have been a horrible mix of birthday parties and bad decisions on my part. i had been doing pretty well on keeping an eye on ashleys carbs and sugars and while her blood sugar was still slightly elevated in the mornings it wasnt something to panic about yet. her morning fasting levels were maintaining in the range and she was feeling pretty good.
travis duggins i don’t know anything about his costume. i have not seen this play.
“barack obama’s” indonesian odyssey did not originate with “stanley ann dunham” taking him handinhand at age six to live with her and her new husband in a modest home in jakarta – as “the obama narrative” wants you to believe.
now that we actually picked him up we have hours to bring him to the wild life rescue center. unfortunately they just reopened and are not answering their phone and their voice mailbox is now full. im sure theyve been overwhelmed since just reopening two days ago. the city doesnt tell you what to do when you cant get it to a rescue center. put it back where it was found and tell the kids you found a nice farm full of nuts and squirrel formula for it to live at?
omar rayyan
my writing goal had been to write words by aug . im sitting at . yeah i should be about double that by now. if id written every day i probably would be right on track. it wasnt all on my novel but i counted the words i wrote toward my article for the culture share on juliette wades blog.
it started like this...at doris and johns house richs back went out. it was only but he could barely walk. how lucky were we that doris daughter judy was there she was a nurse and knew about massage so she told rich to get up in her moms bedroom and lay on the bed face down. it was hysterical. how many men get told to get on the bed by a pretty nurse in front of their soon to be wife?
midmorning snack reduced fat cheese stick cup sugar snap peas mandarin orange almonds
but you have to stay clear for long stretches of time. you have to be willing to take sadness sober or else it can never teach you the truth about happiness.
just having fun at home with little things around my house. or antons house is more like it. listening to ace of base and watching harry potter. planning trip to france and am so very excited.
in shops from thursday april priced £.
dew through the
travelers can use them to find local information and directions wherever they are.
so shareology readers how’s your shopping center iq? can you tell me which two shopping centers are pictured? click leave a reply and leave your answers below…..i’ll publish the winners in a week…..
in other words they explain the fact that not all bacteria photosynthesis by the ones that don’t do so being able to leech off the ‘leaky’ process taking place in other organisms. but they don’t all ditch the process as after a threshold is passed it is no longer beneficial to not be carrying out photosynthesis relative to the advantages gained. or as they say
a city in iraq.
there is actually a story behind this page. it has to do with a little moral that i was told a few years ago that has stuck with me. it goes like this everyone has their problems. those problems are like monkeys jumping up and down and screaming for attention. luckily we all have bananas to give our monkeys. but beware sometimes other people will try and trick you into giving them your bananas for their monkeys which leaves you with nothing for your own. when they do that you have to say to them "that is not my monkey"
a spirit crushed by anger
“i know they’re in there i can hear something jangling” she said optimistically. i didn’t have the heart to tell her that at least half of the things in my handbag do that.
the costs of travel to meet and hang out now and then are tiny compared to what is spent on a conventional organization.
"if there is light in the soul there will be beauty in the person. if there is beauty in the person there will be harmony in the house. if there is harmony in the house there will be order in the nation. if there is order in the nation there will be peace in the world."
in apreciation to my customers i am having my own specials as well with any online order of $ i will send you a $ gift certificate to use on your next order. orders of $ or more will receive a $ gift certificate. i am also offering a $ gift certificate when you purchase the big shot or big shot starter kit. these offers are good for the month of april only... dont forget if you order reaches $ you begin qualifying for the exclusive hostess stamp sets plus an additional $ to spend on whatever you want. you may want to host a catalog party and take a few outside orders from your friends so you can easily qualify for the hostess benifits... please let me know if i can help... this offer is good on all orders placed online through my website... all gift coupons will expire the end of july ...
the underlying elements deciding on the shape of regulation – innovation economic development agriculture human rights animal welfare the conservation of resources and equal trading conditions; the continuing applicability of trade marks geographical indications copyright and trade secrets; patentability rules and exclusions; the extension of patent rights over progeny; the meaning of ‘essentially biotechnological processes’; the legal definitions of ‘morality’ and ‘ordre public’ in the context of animal welfare; and the future of international patent law in the context of global governance theories.
our day began at am when joe and i left noah with my sister beckie and headed to missouri baptist hospital for an induction the day after lucys due date. wed been hoping for labor to start on its own especially since i was trying for a vbac but when her due date came and went we decided it was probably better to induce sooner than later so shed not grow "too big" seeing that i was gestationally diabetic. so we headed in on the morning of april and got settled into a lovely corner room. and we waited. waited. waited. finally at about am they started my pitocin drip at the lowest number promising to only increase it by a point every hour.
exodus and ye shall take a bunch of hyssop and dip it in the blood that is in the basin and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning.
davis has worked with a talented team of many. his editors included elizabeth kaye an award winning journalist who has often written about southern music and southern preachers. as a contributing editor to rolling interviewed sam phillips and gathered firsthand experience of jerry lee lewis when covering sessions at which he played with johnny cash carl perkins and roy orbison. as a contributing editor to john kennedy’s george magazine kaye wrote extensively about billy graham and his son franklin traveled on several missionary trips with franklin and worked with abc’s to produce and write a major billy graham profile.
as always i took myself off to the beach to watch the moon rise and reflect on what has been and what will come.. to see the moons light dance across the water and spread a pathway to my feet fills me with anticipation and excitement for tomorrow.. the fullness of her energy is contagious... and i do believe she was radiating hope... so that is what i will name her this month.. the hope moon.
i took a pregnancy test on the earliest day the test said i could a friday. and it said "negative".
very friendly place and great quality coffee. you can sense the pride in each cup that’s made and then brought to your table (no hanging round the bar waiting for your coffee here unless you want to chat to the baristas that is). this will be a great review once we start uploading our ‘cathedral tour’ to the new website…
as they flood forth
as i came to know her better through emails i came to find she was kind funny and simply lovely.
though i’m more disciplined than i was in the past it’s not easy at all to tell myself that i need to spend hours reading food news every morning and then four to five times a week write about it as well.
much later after sending away one more happy man he looked up and around. thousands were there so neglected and still in need of his attention. he felt very sorry for them deeply moved but time was up. many were getting hungry. it was late. the disciples were way past tired as they still regretted that they were not more secretive about their holiday destination. at that moment the master took a most disturbing decision. he wouldn’t send the crowd away he would invite them along.
its ok that i literally bought glass candelabras yesterday because i felt bad for the cashier that got them out of the back room for me. i asked for .
summation part of the patina group. need i say more? actually i cant at the moment as i havent eaten here yet but it looks like this is where all the highpowered lawyers go for lunch
the prestige by christopher priest out of cds (this is really good. its similar to the movie which i loved but different enough.)
baconburger bar
i used a copic multiliner to draw the wonky border around her and the striped paper. the sentiment is from a dollar bin at michaels and its matted on a label die from spellbinders. im pretty sure those cute papers are from authentique..(love authentique them and mme my my heart flutter)
now that we have covered unfamiliarity wavelength and the lack of warmness there’s also unresponsiveness [in this case that would be unresponsiveness to messages etc. emotional unresponsiveness would be very much linked with wavelenght and warmness but lets not get into that]. there are people who are or have been somewhat close on the same wavelength andr warm but who just make me feel like a boring loser [theres that word again] who no one wants to hang out with i.e. there’s noittle response when i go ‘hey watcha up to?’ i know that some of these people are very busy – but heck if i don’t really hear from them for approx. years even if i try to keep in touch that means i don’t have to keep trying anymore if i don’t want to. i’m through with that shit. the longer this keeps going on the less familiar wavy and warm these people feel like anyway.
flourless orange and almond cake (gluten free)
once at the store we grab not one but two shopping carts. i wear the baby in a sling and the two little children sit in the carts while i push one cart and my oldest son pushes the other one. my oldest daughter is not allowed to push a cart. ever. why? because the last time i let her push the cart she smashed into my ankles so many times my feet had to be amputated by the end of our shopping trip. this is not a good thing. you try running after a toddler with no feet sometime.
rehearse. write a scene using first person then thirdperson limited then omniscient. what feels right?
and also logging the body count.
the firing was in an electric kiln neutral atmosphere to orton cone degrees c.
twitter ceo dick costolo said in september that the service had million active daily users which means that twitter has expanded by at least another million users in just six months. costolo also said in october that the service generated million "tweet" messages a day again showing that the growth of twitter continues to accelerate.
with the coming of fall its whiskey festival season in southern california. ill start back with my whiskey festival calendar soon but i wanted to share the exciting news that readers of skus recent eats will again be eligible to get a discount at the scotch malt whisky societys single malt and scotch whisky extravaganza.
i didnt.
a few years ago after a weekendlong swim camp i ran into one of the coaches in the shower after another gruelling session. guys being guys we made small talk so it’s less awkward when we shower under the same roof.
romney raising questions about mr. obama’s inability to deliver on promises his economic policies his false moderation and his evasion of constitutional checks and balances dovetails nicely with the argument that barack obama lame duck will prove more reckless and more ineffective driving the economy further down which spells grave trouble for the nation.
that afternoon the new teacher headed for the bait store. she made her purchase and returned to school late. she let herself into ms. witch’s room and chose three of the fattest loudest crickets in her bait bucket. she placed the bugs with food in the far corner behind a bookshelf in a previously cased location mr. witch was too short to uncover. the thunder of concerted chirping echoed in the room as the newbie closed the door behind her.
“good girl.”
other pti fillable frames die susquare lattice embossing folder pti buttons dimensionals
why must he fly home so soon?
okay theyre not exactly alike — i think is definitely the better beer although i really have no idea what a "double wheat" is. the label talks about the “bright beer" style and yes bright does seem to describe this flavor if that makes sense. it is maltier sweeter and a bit more flavorful than the dortmunder. the dortmunder just doesn’t have as much going on. my tongue gets more excited with the . i suppose in hot weather the dortumunder might go down a little easier like a light beer. dortmunder has a nice balance of hops and malt slightly on the maltier side.
here is the quote
do you want to buy a watch? actually watches provide a large selection of functions. you can buy watches for fashion ornament or for calisthenics aid. before purchasing the latest watch there are some hints that you should consider as follows.
bill and teds bogus journey
 stalk celery chopped
the substantial edit for dogtooth chronicals has taken around three months. this is unusual but my editor has been ill in parts and it’s a longer more complicated book than the average joe ( odd pages layered in chewy delectable prose or some such). also i didn’t want to rush this part as this was also my time space to work on my ‘web presence’. so i’ve been steady in completing my side of the editing based on the feedback i received.
peter has also been one of my goto guys this year as jmu communications has covered jmu’s first graduating class of student engineers. all year i’ve relied on peter and many of his fellow engineers to answer questions pose for photos and answer engineering questions. for two years peter and his team have worked to develop and build a firefighting robot. given that he’s an engineering student and he worked on the ipad app i was amazed to learn that peter has also been a member of the marching royal dukes. how does he fit all this into hours?
this post shall be largely on my personal experiences onboard this tour. i shall offer some leads and contact information of the relevant services that i had came across as part of the tour. however since i am neither a trained medical professional nor a master in any of these traditional methods of healing there will be very limited sharing on the traditional methods of healing i had came across during the tour.
once upon a time in my younger adulthood i rarely ate sandwiches other than tuna. i also had minimal experience of grilled cheese other than as cheese piled on a slice of bread and run under the broiler until bubbly and crusty. these two facts seem unrelated but are not.
triathlon provided that and more. i met a lot of cool folks through the sport and i also got better in three sports. triathlon lead me to teach spinning chirunning and also become a triathlon coach. i’m glad i took the step. and the three sports really help with the cross training benefits so you’re not just doing the same thing to your body all week.
good morning in my few years as a member of this church i have stood in this pulpit on several occasions the three sermons that i have had the privilege to write and deliver have all been delivered here first. in this process of learning how to write and deliver a sermon one of the most important lessons that i have learned is that when you stand in the pulpit your capacity to impact the hearts and minds of the people in the pews stands in direct relationship to your willingness to expose and lay bare the most precious tender and vulnerable parts of yourself and your own spiritual struggles.
drop them into the boiling liquid.
other pink bazzil basics cardstock and pearls from stash.
there were two other items in the men’s packs that were worth their weight in gold in xu guan’s opinion – a wellworn topographical map of the area and a militarygrade compass. xu guan briefly reviewed the map and discovered that he was in an area called bellevue. there were several small creeks nearby and a river called the missouri a few miles to the east.
there are chinese companies in the top of companies that filed the most pct applications.
i think i am drunk enough to sleep now. tomorrow is another day.
naturally i was hesitant to click the ascii button in hiero to add “tm” because every time i do that hiero grinds to a halt and basically stops working. so replacing the unicode “tm” with hiero is doable but takes forever on any of my machines (including a . ghz intel core i imac wg ram). may be you’ll have better luck with low priced alternative software on mac or angelcode on pc (free).
and so tonight as i thump away at these familiar keys it is different.
 philadelphia bluntzshakey shakey (red snapper rmx)
ml double cream whipped lightly
i’m a big fan of putting pictures of active fatties out in the world. i’ll show you mine you can show me yours (which is to say you can put awesome pictures and videos of you in the comments to encourage others…)
my tastiest use of this informative book was in experimenting with squash blossoms. i had a healthy zucchini crop this summer (only three plants) with plenty of blossoms available during the really hot spells. schreibers book notes that "squash flowers can be stuffed with cheeses and other fillings battered and deep fried or sauteed and added to pasta". the trick with the squash flowers is to get the male flowers (the ones without a bulbous base that indicates that a baby zucchini is on the way) when they have just started to open as they are rather fragile and get raggedy even after a day in the sunshine. the other trick is to avoid getting stung by a bee while picking them as they are also very attractive to the insect kingdom. i found that early morning when the coldblooded bees are still drowsy and slow was the best time to swoop in and steal them.
strangers in apogee
at trade shows and other networking events we’re constantly bombarded with ways that social media helps to drive traffic to a website and build brand awareness however what a lot of these sessions don’t teach you is how to integrate your social media with your other means of communicating with your audience. for example social media is a more modern way to create that “facetoface” personal contact with someone but it definitely shouldn’t be a replacement for that contact.
once rolled fresh pasta should be dusted with semolina (preferably) or flour to keep it from sticking if you’re not going to cook it right away. you can lay it on a semolina or flourdusted baking sheet or linen kitchen towel until ready to boil. or drape it over a suspended rolling pin or pasta drying rack until ready to use.
i’m up by a.m. and i get into work by a.m. to receive promo tapes from los angeles. i review the tapes to make sure there are no errors no glitches; i’m the last filter before millions of our viewers get a sneak peak on what’s coming up on live with regis and kelly. at a.m. i watch the feed go out from our control room. at this time affiliates across the country take in the promotional commercials that we produce. at a.m. we go live and for the remainder of the show i stay in the control room to joint down moments of the show that we can use for future commercials. at noon i meet with executive producer michael gelman and the rest of the live with regis and kelly staff to brainstorm for upcoming show. this meeting can last anywhere from minutes to two hours. live with regis and kelly is truly a family and michael really enjoys the staffs input.
i offered to take my niece out for the morning as they were babysitting her but desperately wanted to carry on sorting out the books they had got the day before. after much deliberation we decided we’d try somewhere she’d been before and enjoyed and as an added bonus somewhere i’d enjoy going to as well. as it was a wee bit nippy the park was out so we went to the deep in hull. this place has some good memories for me and now has traumatic childhood memories for my niece (mwahahah)
in response to what seemed like a lack of precise language ron sider an evangelical leader involved with development and social witness and heidi unruh developed criteria to describe faithbased organizations. they were up front in saying that these criteria were based on tangible expressive ways that organizations incorporate religion and not by personal issues of motivation and belief which are more difficult to observe.
the decision of the umpires was later found to be in error but i’m so happy that they got it wrong.
alone you try to call her
here
my life would suck without you
though i am always busy in my work i’m also always at my leisure to work when i wish. battling evil isn’t a job one is hired to do after all. one just stumbles into it one day and before you know it you’re an old man carrying a cane. a cane riddled with notches tallying your victories. either that or you die a horrible excruciating death where your only prayer is that it will be quick. you can probably guess whether that prayer is ever answered.
over $.) only pennies from the actual donations goes to the unicef
the guardians of eternity are embroiled in an epic battle for survival. they are as dangerous as they are sensual—and their lustful appetites are legendary…
i then make a base for the ship in mm plasticard. i got this basing idea from a site i checked (meaning drooled all over) when i was considering getting into naval wargaming. the site is agis neugebauer´s vas section of his site.
a friend asked me if trying to become a successful author is worth the investment of time and money. not only do writers have to hone the craft they need to attend conferences workshops hire editors and publicists build websites and promote.
if the roads hadnt been a problem we probably would have seen him because
im playing poker on day but ill likely dvr at least hillarys speech so i can watchisten without the talking heads spin.
i have nothing too interesting to report. everyone in the group has been getting along well. so far there has been no sub divisions or mutinies. most of the power rests firmly on my shoulders as i seem to be the one organising our days and everyone else just seems happy to follow. i spend most of my nights going from one campsite to the next trying to sort out what everyone wants to do which invariably ends up being what ben and i had planned to do.
as you raise your spiritual vibration remember that laughter joy and playfulness help you to manifest your desires. it is that energy that is manifesting energy. when you feel such love and such joy take a moment lay on the grass and look up at the beautiful sky and just feel the aliveness of that moment. then imagine how you would feel when you reach that point you choose and see that these are the same energetically. so infuse your desires with that energy right now and carry it with you always.
i love rules couldnt you tell? i am not one to go up a down staircase even if it means walking around i am horrified anyone would even consider parking in a handicapped space and oh my gosh i am shocked that there are people out there that dont pay their bills for so long their creditors are calling their family. so i am very hard on myself when it comes to rules.
another welcome rest day before the final leg of the tour.
album. “ekki múkk” effortlessly segues into “varúð” which with its undertones of
gauchat attributes the changes to two forces both science and conservatives have changed a lot in years. in the postwwii period research was largely wedded to the defense department and nasa—think the space race and the development of the atomic bomb. now the scientific institution “has come out from behind those institutions and been its own cultural force.” that has meant it is increasingly viewed as a catalyst of government regulation as in the failed democratic proposal to institute capandtrade as a way to reduce carbon emissions and stave off climate change.
if anyone else creates anything using old stock feel free to email me pics and details to add to the inspiration gallery.
but the closure of manfredis gallery is not just bad news for artists cam is located in a socially deprived part of naples and museums are not only dedicated to educated people and tourists. if cam is forced to close its doors it would be bad news for the local people of naples too. if enough of them flocked to the museum or sponsored a painting or two it wouldn’t be in the financial mess would it?
by jeanne bonner april am (edt)
that means i get a day of working on hannahs quilt tomorrow.......leighanne and i have started to spend a few hours working on our quilts the first saturday in each month and i am determined to get hannahs done before i start another project.....and with all the gorgeous fabric i brought back from new york im chompin at the bit.....haaaaa
by the time your service tech shows up the clothes will have sat inside the machine for four days. those clothes will have to be disposed of.
for all its hilarity the th tale is a meditation on mortality and change on the transition from childhood into adulthood that happens when suddenly "trouble" means something different from childish mischiefmaking. its a beautifully modulated performance punctuated by a clever but unobtrusive lighting design by michael nabarro and wholly engrossing minutes vanishes in a flash. an unexpected gem.
organizing production grading.. production sample fit fit fit
for one week its okay to ignore them. sometime on november th (i think) i put a note on my facebook about my progress and someone responded with i dont think you quite understand the concept of a month.
now i could go across the road and buy a couple of bottles of weiss bier at £. a pop or for £ fine english ales and tell you how nice they all are but currently i can buy cans of stella for £. at sainsburys. its free if you put one under your arm and run for it. oh glorious wife beater reassuringly cheap.
my curiosity was piqued. who is this guy? i became a regular reader of his stories. his style was distinctive
my last year.
haywired originally began life as a backstory to another idea i had. ludwig the main character of haywired was an adult living in a world much like our own. he had a wife and son and lived a fairly little house in the suburbs of a biggish city in the th st century except he was also a “mad professor”. he was more than happy to live his life rather ordinarily but mad professoring was a family tradition and he tried to keep it up anyway. however one day he invents a device that could conquer the world. he tries to hide it but word gets out and a shadowy company kidnaps ludwig and his wife to learn the devices secrets. meanwhile his son finds his father gone and with his best friend the monster his grandfather made and his fathers assistant clive who works for ludwig on work experience he goes to rescue his parents.
this is a really sad post for me this is the very last post for stretch n bubbles as we know it.
muskmelons
that i wanted to make a fun slip cover for it.
an important note one of the reasons democrats leftists and avowed marxists so easily steal away our rights in this country is because “we the people” have grown largely ignorant of the rights that are ours to begin with and many of those who know our rights only know them abstractly. for example many citizens know that we have religious freedom yet aren’t familiar with the way the first amendment is worded. so they don’t understand that the amendment doesn’t just recognize our godgiven right to religious freedom but actually bars the government from interfering in our religious exercises. (in other words when the first amendment says “congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof” it ties the hands of government not the hands of the people. yet in our ignorance we’ve allowed these things to be reversed.)
i used all but one of the spellbinders crosses in the set layering each up using glue gel for dimension but i then added to this further by cutting two of the fleur de lis circles & used gel glue again to attach them behind my cross. i then found a large pearl for the centre. attached to the second of the triangles sides the third side is for the to & from.
somewhere along the way we ran across a kiosk selling day cruises down the river sort of like the bateau mouche in paris which offers a great way to see key sights in the city in a relaxed short ride for just $sg per person. my mom ingeniously also discovered that for $sg more (so total of $sg ~$us pp) you can use the cruise like a water taxi for hours with unlimited hopping onff at popular stops should you wish to take a closer look on foot.
im not blowing me own trumpet im just using this blog to document a good time in my life because one thing ive learnt about this acting lark is that at any moment it can go deathly quiet. you never have time to savour these moments because you have to keep your head down and keep going this blog is all i have apart from my feeble memory that is.
bieber who was discovered on videosharing site youtube in is known for his highpitched voice which betrayed his true age. his songs receive extensive airplay and earning him extraordinary exposure mostly due to his childlike voice.
sam allardyce alan curbishley and steve maclaren were all interviewed to be the swede’s replacement with maclaren getting the nod having guided middlesbrough to the uefa cup final in the same year.
my beautiful mother martha turns today
i borrowed my moms mirro brand cookiepastry press to make some spritz cookies; about years ago. periodically i wonder if she ever gets a craving and then curses me for never having returned her press. for the record im usually really good about returning everything i borrow. well except for that hot air popcorn popper she loaned me...
the syrphidaelowerfly family hosts countless mimics of bees and wasps.
rightswrite
i nod and smile at him. as a conversation it wasnt as bad as i was expecting. the last time we had this row – which was something like five days ago – hed stormed off in a huff.
this is all grand however the fun part of the may tree is this
nicole was a huge help with the invites.
who knew that paradise had an outpost in polmont of all places? yes almost halfway between glasgow and edinburgh there is a spa which is as sumptuous and luxurious as any in either of the cities between which it nestles. the macdonald inchyra hotel & spa may not be in the most prepossessing of surroundings but it is a haven of tranquility with a restaurant that achieved a rare from the sunday herald’s noteasilyimpressed food critic joanna blythman very comfortable rooms and – most importantly – it has a spa which i visited for the first time on monday.
a sikh of the guru must never cut or trim his hair. comb the hair twice….consider the hair seal of the guru. (rehatnama bhai chaupa singh)
when light hurts yer eyes and ya cant find the perfect lighting while sitting smchooshed between the snuggly kids whadyado?
so here we go and let’s hope it all makes sense in the end of at the very least that the curious little happenings of my life make your own seem so much more interesting and important
even ignoring effects on beer quality although i suspect that they might be significant and while were very much in favour of linecleaning theres something troubling about this whole thing if you have a look at any of the marketing material for these devices theyll always have a "cost saving" example worked out. they always base this on the selling price of the wasted beer. you waste two pints that you could have sold at £ each thats quid income lost per line per week right? see what an earner this gizmo (and the time spent operatingleaning it) could be
the landscape remains stubbornly monochrome and even the green on the fields of winter wheat and barley is only a greenish tinge on the brown but under the apple trees the spikes of daffodils and bluebells are poking through the grass.
ho ho ho....tangled christmas ornaments...did these on little wooded forms i picked up at micheals painted them white and then tangled with micron pens used glitter pens for the color scan does not show how sparkly they are. im going to tie them to my little bags of cookies i give out.
and a definite shining personality moment.
i took your advice. i looked up organizations joined groups and found new friends.
i spent two weeks in silverlake
a soul monday
strega is an herbal italian liqueur. if unable to find make a cannolitype ice cream with chopped bittersweet ice cream and chopped toasted pistachios. if doing the cannoliice cream omit the orange peel.
that the life i have now
in high school the art teacher i didnt like moved up to teach at our school so i never took art. i took stained glass instead because that teacher would let me explore the medium. i would make blown glass dragons and flowers and things like that.
i don’t need to go into the many scriptural passages that mention the differences that should be between man and woman – (if you are interested you can research yourself) but this was not the driving force for my change over into skirts and dresses. i was upset with the gender confusion of the world and the change in women dressing more like men and men dressing more like women. just step outside and notice the more feminine that men are becoming and the more masculine women are becoming. i felt that even with wearing pants and with the trends today i could not properly cover myself the way heavenly father would want me to. i began to understand the seriousness in causing men to sin by looking at me in a lustful way. would my dress cause men to look at me longer than normal? would my dress draw attention to
there they were as he was suffering unbelievable excruciating pain; casting lots to see who got to steal his robe that was woven without seam. they didn’t want to divide it into parts because of the way it was made.
sheesh. brilliant shelley brilliant.
the first anchorage beyond acapulco is miles distant at bahia de chacahua. breakers are evident though rolly anchorage may be taken between the rocks east of punta galera and the sandy beach to the north. no facilities are available on shore.
mondo and i are delighted that so many of you have made it across to listen in live but appreciate that a rigid radio time slot (with no listen again facility as yet) is not as convenient to everyone as podcasting. so we are attempting to make our own recordings of the live shows to continue with the podcasting option for those who cant tune in live.
what inspires me are the curves the arches the twinkling glass and gold leaf pieces in the mosaic inlays. and the lights in the floor are an unusual and dramatic sight. the glass block in the floor was originally there to allow light from the second floor domed rotunda to illuminate the first floor. now the light direction is reversed
to bloom one day is a wonderful conclusion to this series. no strange events such as enishi suddenly becoming very competent at his job and running the inn occur. it’s a very melancholic end yet we see hope that everyone will come back together one day in the future. the mirror setting of ohana on the streets of tokyo is very wellcrafted. i was heavily depressed when this episode aired last year and it still makes me feel sad when i rewatch it. it’s a pleasant ending to this series.
a good friend of mine was so kind to lend me some of her stamping stuff and one of her stamps was a beautiful butterfly this is what i made with it . . .
(remember that can of worms i felt id opened?)
 most restaurant workers know this but you can turn the wooden restaurant high chairs upside down to hold an infant car seat.*
as such i am writing from a particular point of view the pulpit.
i have a theory about los ninos odd numbered years* suck. case in point the geej at age two? such a joy. easy. happy. totally blew that whole "terrible twos" myth out of the water. age three. she was % angel % sassyass demon spawn. it wasnt fun. four has been a hilarious wonderful dream. but five is looming on the very near horizon and girlfriend is showing signs of the odd yeared demon and im not loving it. annoying
. melt chocolate and butter in saucepan over low heat stirring
shoes gabriella rocha
joe scarborough made a great point on my favorite morning show morning joe that there are different federal election processes the presidential election (which calls for moderates) and congressional elections for the house and senate (which seem to call for more and more fringe candidates). there are fringe issues and candidates that set the agenda for the parties as of late but considering that more of the country votes in presidential elections it seems to be telling of a more moderate nation. this fall we really will have a campaign between moderate candidates – one of them is labeled an extremist by a republican fringe and the other one is forced to pretend that he’s an extremist by the republican fringe… it seems obvious to me that there is an identifiable source of rhetorical nonsense that is dividing this country and i wish that we would have more people speak out about it and it can’t be a real candidate for either party because they will disqualify themselves to be taken seriously any longer much like george romney (mitt’s father).
fourth like many other miserably poor countries with virtually nothing else to produce or export haiti in the s was the site of two additional deviant industries each of which would prove crucial for the globalization of hiv. on the one hand in the early s haiti became the site of a commercial market in blood products (organized by a miami businessman) such as plasma. poor sanitation in this industry may well have helped to diffuse the hiv virus within haiti though the evidence here is spottier. on the other hand haiti was also an important site for sexual tourism an industry which was flourishing in the post sexualliberation era. more specifically relevant haiti was a goto destination for gay sex tours organized out of san francisco and new york during the s. it was in this way pepin argues that hiv was introduced into the united states some time in the earlytomids.
come back tomorrow for more stamping news and a spotlight on rubber stamp tapestry
the georgia guidestones
i dont want to sound like im sucking up to any publishers when i draw attention to their output it is usually more to point out the distinguishing features of the books they publish those things that give a sense of the ethos behind the colophon. i say this because i was sent a couple of books by harvill secker and they are both bloody brilliant so good that i feel the need to point it out and even swear a little bit. the first i am a chechen was reviewed here an important and wildly creative work born out of the conflict in the chechen republic a book that i have been saddened to see received virtually no press attention. this novel is very different having received plenty of attention after winning the impac award last year but no less deserving of praise from me because of that. books that are reserved and controlled can often bring forth a passionate response in their readers as if some kind of compensation comes in to play and the twin is such a book. as i attempt to give an impression of the power of this quiet book be in no doubt that in my humble opinion the twin is a magnificent novel.
farnham hops were carefully graded and only the finest were sent to the fair at weyhill near andover. they held pride of place in their exclusive booths on blissimore hall acre some of which still stand and were particularly prized by west country brewers and private gentlemen.
after we purchased our goods he led us into the back lounge area. in one corner there were a bunch of foodstuffs which i guess they munched on in between working; in another were many plants they were growing. the table in between housed a vaporizer and some other paraphernalia as well as an incubator for eggs and underneath were the chickens that they had raised.
 **div. “stendahl on public opinion and the rule of the middle class.” paper in a seminar the committee on social thought the university of chicago chicago illinois. (incorporated in item c () above pp. .)
corner rounder ek success
ya know what my mind’s tired right now. i don’t want to do a whole lot of digging and research on bands or musicians and their discography and all that stuff. i need a mental rest for the remains of the day.
rolo enjoys lying on the stairs and can spread himself over most of a complete step.
and then your pole competition comes and it was marvelous and terrifying and before you know it it was over. i didnt place but i didnt expect to. i was more honored by the fact that i made it to the finals i had a lot of fun and ive got lots to learnork on for my next competition whenever or wherever that may be ;)
our desk tops are entirely cleared of clutter except for a couple jars of pencils and colored pencils.
wentworth.
yet its the presence of logan richardson that makes the album essential for listeners not already heavily invested in kansas citys scene. the brilliant saxophonist appears on five of the ships nine tracks. richardsons innovative soloing on "ease back" is the sort of nextlevel stuff that fans of adventurous jazz dream about. rather than merely admiring richardsons improvisations herman acts as an electric charlie haden to richardsons stunning ornette coleman.
yeah so it was the college christmas party last night and i didn’t have a chance to write anything. (i spent most of my time freezing actually. used up all my longsleeved shirts for teaching practice. oops)
the republican leadership doesnt like the demands of the tea partiers. our message (im an unapologetic tea partier) is simple quit spending; reduce the size of the govt by vast numbers; repeal obamacare; repeal obamacare; repeal obamacare; and drill baby drill right now and everywhere theres oil and gas.
. in his early appearance on exo teaser netizens much praised his charism.
“it’s this or fish and they are sick of fish.” mama stared at him.
one of my clients well the international arm of that client were at the fair and we walked around together. what a great feeling it was to meet and greet and see my books (well my clients books) out there being hawked and discussed. so nice to see them at the fair and doing well. the clients are fun too so being with them was just a nice experience.
berkley prime crime jun $.
from this we can learn that the government was acting in a "profoundly unwise" way over the eus fiscal pact and was "taking both political and legal risks by suggesting the need for action while failing to explain how it will carry it through or what concessions it seeks".
) take a xanax.
this was a festival of food wine and brew. this was a "farm to fork" event where local producers provided food and local chefs made delicious dishes with it.
council speaker christine quinn and city councilman julissa ferreras (djackson heights) have greenlighted $ worth of research hoping to develop an easy way for folks to report forceful flirtation and other forms of street harassment the daily news has learned.
ohhhhh i can feel the snow coming so i decided it was time to put together a few snowflake digital die cut files for you folks out there that have cutting machines and the software this week i have relased a set of three snowflake files (as well as each file individually).
nes – $ (cad) at the time
the world is quiet and the pig is in the sty.
the pace is slow matching the drift of motes in sunlight. birkin meets another young vet moon (kenneth branagh) who has been paid to dig up the lost grave of a rich townies ancestor. moon is like birkin still damaged from the war though the quality of his suffering becomes an unexpected parallel with the mysterious artists life. birkin when not drinking tea with moon or brushing turpentine onto plaster falls into quiet intense love with the vicars wife alice keach (natasha richardson).
alexandra cinque might seem like a typical college student battling schoolwork and conquering exams—but there’s a lot more fight to her than meets the eye.
sure i have covered the financial sector for almost years but even i have had my fair share of hits and misses among my investments.
for sake of all the seeds unborn.
whenever i see my grandma and also some of my other older relatives they ask about henry and such. then they ask if hes still feeding well and if theres still enough milk for him. totally reasonable questions but it makes me feel a little bit weird as in my head they are basically asking how my boobs are. and i reply yes my boobs are fine thank you. i dont want to deny anyone the right to know how my boobs are. boobs.
were drinking or that paul
if ash had the slightest interest in seeking the truth they could easily have consulted figures from the british beer and pub association which show that over pubs have closed since the ban came in.
 cup sugar
 and sight snapped into alignment with a remembered clearviewing as she turned to look back up at them laughing. the ribbon taslin had used to tie up doras bouncing ponytail newly straightened and stretched under taslins ministrations fluttered in the breeze just as it had in the viewing two weeks earlier that had sent them on this journey. at least as far as rel was any judge it had. the odds were good either way that somewhere in the city ahead rissad van raighan was still at large. they were on the right track.
steve rogers neither am i he’s got the same blood on his hands as loki. right now we’ve got to put that aside and get this done.
talking about marijuana ive only broken the law a few times in my life. and on every single occasion ive been fined for petty transgressions. once when i still used to commute to west hampstead i sat in the first class carriage on the overground although i had a standard economy travel card. at the next stop an inspector got on and asked me to show him my ticket. i thought of pretending not to understand english but i had a copy of the guardian (the old version) sprawled on my lap.
reject the devils darkness and suppression of islam before it is too late for you
its been one mad week i can tell ya and ive not sat down much before pm each evening so i need some chill time and i need one big clear out in my craft room it looks like two bombs have dropped lol so guess what ill be doing at the weekend......
luscious week ahead
his mind had been a place of mechanical stowage. the arrangement of
maybe you doubt or haven’t seen or heard much progress lately…or maybe there’s a lot of resistance coming up for you or perhaps you are just beginning your search for a balanced life. or a million other “maybe”s. but i wanted to tell you from a deep space that is vast humble and perfectly full of grace you are doing it right. we are ok….there is nothing that needs our worry or fear.
adapted from the joy the baker cookbook
homare sawa was born on september th (time of birth unknown) in fuchū tokyo japan according to httpen.wikipedia.orgikiomaresawa
michael pollan discusses americans’ dietary changes in the aftermath of the publication of the dietary goals for the united states
poor girl. she has her mothers teeth. i used to get called monster munch teeth they were so big. but then i got a brace glasses (and not cool ones deidre barlowhristopher biggins style) and skinnier legs so the teeth teasing was replaced by boys running up to me to put their hands around my ankles whilst running off and calling me bony joanie (a character from garbage pail kids all the rage in see above. that was me aged ).
the police were called and broke up the fight and detained four suspected. however no arrests were made that evening and have yet to be made more than days after the incident according to aziz.
the plumber arrived early on sunday morning to survey the damage. he confirmed that the central heating system had exploded (it didnt actually take a plumber to work that out once we had established that the world wasnt ending and the house wasnt falling down). and set about mending it. i was quite impressed id been all set with a second possible house lined up in the town but he actually dealt with it quite quickly and we all crashed into bed for a lunchtime nap to make up for being up half of the night.
even though i really didn’t have the money when i found a killer deal on a used canon d and i couldn’t pass it up
does it come to be
i heard a story of an old cajun family that lived way back in the neches river bottom. this was in recent times but these stories and these abilities went way back in his family and one of these stories is that these haints would give you the ability to predict the future and this man claimed that he could predict the very day that a woman was gonna have her child or the very day that a cow would have her calf. and the way he did this is he would look in the sky and the haint would appear and it would look kinda like a luminous cloud and it would tell him what was gonna happen.
it’s already way past midnight and still you’re mentally wandering the streets of oxford unable to get this story out of your mind. getting up you tiptoe your way down the curving staircase pausing briefly on the landing to stare out through the fog. it’s so thick now the streetlamp has no more power than a firefly. entering the library you switch on the reading lamps pour yourself a small glass of sherry and curl up on the velvet paisley sofa with your bare feet tucked underneath your nightgown. you pick up your book once more.... now where were we?
the strangest part is... none of my kids are sick.
before the end is done
is there a difference? or am i just trying to baby my siblings?
and just this month research was published in drug and chemical toxicology showing yet another route by which aspartame damages your brain …
a war for spiritual power
and that hasnt been for awhile now.
can we see something that shouldnt be there ?
i received a call from the production manager michael just as i was going into a university exam – i went to a music conservatorium and so it was a singing exam. great timing right? the production was a total mystery to me but michael whom i’d met when i was working on ‘underbelly’ sounded pretty stressed so i thought i’d go in and play it by ear. i quickly warbled through my singing exam and the second it finished raced off to the address i’d been given. i expected it to be an audition but loandbehold as soon as i arrived i was flung into a makeup chair a script was thrust under my nose and i was told i’d be on set in an hour. as i was getting my makeup done and frantically trying to memorize the script the brilliant belinda mcclory (who cowrote the film) explained that the person they had originally cast in the role was mia they couldn’t even get in contact with him. being familiar with my work they’d hoped i’d be able to step in.
and just who is the eleventh doctor anyway? the reason i ask is because the scenes between the doctor and old kazran don’t seem terribly powerful except when old kazran is caught in weakness (as when he almost hits a child). but when kazran is strong the doctor has no authority over him and seems to have very little presence. this doctor seems to relate more to children than adults to the point that he can’t seem to command a room until he has made everyone aware of their weaknesses. you could probably win shouting matches with this doctor. however when the doctor visits young kazran he becomes more of a big brother an imaginary friend. he is not an authority figure not someone you could go to for advice or strength. he is a buddy. this is moststrikingly played out when adult kazran (the midtwenties version) decides to not go to the doctor for help. he goes with the stronger figure which is his father. the stronger will bends kazran and it is sad to say that the stronger will is not the doctor. this doctor is a bit like peter pan childlike somewhat weak. and i don’t just mean that matt smith is a young actor. the doctor himself is being written as childlike. there are moments of an adult shining through but this doctor seems to prefer the company of children. he is far enough out from the time war to be a virtually new man (so to speak) and has an innocence that his previous two incarnations didn’t have. but this doctor doesn’t seem to be growing up and it makes me wonder what will happen. steven moffat is obviously building toward something. will that something make the doctor grow up?
this lemon blueberry buckle appeared in the los angeles times food section in may . it is adapted from "rustic fruit desserts" by cory schreiber and julie richardson. this is a fruit cake crumb topping and a lemon glaze on top. oh yes crumb topping with lemon glaze. deliciousness.
the synod member explained that this oculary similarly to the orrery at the arcane university in the imperial city is used to locate sources of great magical power. looking at skyrim the college owned one such artefact it had to be the eye thought se’rith and the other one was in a place that paratus called labyrinthian. se’rith wondered if this was where the staff of magnus was located. paratus once again became aggressive in his accusations that the college was interfering with synod work. he was shouting and gesticulating with his arms so much that se’rith called force her ward spell thinking the imperial was going to launch an attack. he suddenly stopped and said in a calm voice that he would be reporting back to the synod and telling them the college ha something powerful very powerful in their grasp. se’rith did not like the tone and watched warily as he left the chamber. both dunmer then explored the rest of the chamber se’rith picking up some books urag might be interested in. they then made their way back to the surface.
watching the detectives
) award of your favorite or recently discovered blogs and let them know you nominated them. they will then award their favorite blogs.
thats it for now must dash this weekend alone i have orders for four orders of gift boxed red and gold wedding collection cupcakes
things kinda calmed down and i fell asleep in his arms the next morning was jordans memorial service we went and although my husband held me and comforted me i knew something wasnt right after jordans service i followed him onto the front porch confronting him about what was wrong.
you need to continuously equip your self with qualifications and skill sets to be able to maintain your employability. how can you do this? of course you are not expected to leave your job and take up studies. online college degree is here to help you.
there was a time when someone was proudly british french or german. today their distinctive cultures are being hollowed out by waves of immigrants who have no desire to assimilate or adopt the values of their new homelands.
while her best list grew i had to laugh silently because my best list looks like this living room furniture dining room table and chairs back deck... and im quite certain my list was a direct revelation from god ;)
it’s not really something i’ve discussed with people i kind of shy away from the topic when i’m asked how it’s going or how i’m feeling … partially because i don’t want to be reminded every second of the day that the one person i want to spend my time with isn’t here but also because i’m not sure myself how i feel about it. just like any relationship i have days where i don’t think it can work; i have days where i’m certain it should be over that we should both just walk away before we hate each other. then there are other days where i’m confident that distance means nothing when you love someone even half as much as we do … i don’t know what answers right or what answers wrong but i do know the only answer i can stick to is the one that involves us ending up meeting at the end of the alter.
i’m thinking it will be three different models for the tv channel subscription
“to know exactly what it means i’d probably have to go into counseling” she added laughing.
it was fantastic. where was he? is he in his bedroom? if he opened his eyes would he see the guava tree through the window? would he? would he try?
and in honor of these and many more weve declared friday march th to be black friday at the pizzeria & public house. customers wearing their gravity head tshirts will get a full color nabc sticker and an entry ticket for a chance to win a $ gift card. gravity head shirts are in limited supply this year but still available for $.. mens sizes are from small to x and ladies shirts from small to x.
now most indians love to give you two things. advice and ah yes. advice (masquerading as information).
chestthrust – called munetsuki this is basically a punch to the torso targeting the chest the solar plexus and the abdomen
if you are buying fabric for throw pillows remember yard typically makes two inch pillows. if you want inch pillows then go with a whole yard. and if you purchase the fabric (or i purchase it) my sister in law will make pillows for people at $ per inch pillow. steal. if its a inch pillow i think its about $.
“israel is relying on international recognition and trade to finance and continue with their occupation and ethnic cleansing in the palestinian territories” the norwegian palestine committee writes in a letter to the local newspaper.
at pm sonshine could barely contain himself as i divvied the cake into slices.
he exhaled through his nose loudly.
when i looked further afield for smugglers kiss i found a few real delights. the most popular french dish at the time was ragout or as the british called it ragoo. this stew often contained all manner of delights such as lambs stones. i had to look that up. the private parts of male lambs what a treat another treasure pulled chicken. socalled because you pulled all the raw meat from the bones minced it finely mixed it with herbs and breadcrumbs and then (the mind boggles) apparently put it back on the bones and boiled it in a large bladder in a pot. i imagine this was a favourite dish for people who had cooks. perhaps ill stick with the syllabubs after all...
another wave of cyber citizens’ eyebrows twitched when this issue was released. not because vilma doesn’t deserve this but because of the same reasons i have. considering the comments from my post about nora aunor issues regarding vilma’s alleged corruption and her husband’s issues also surfaced coming from those who don’t agree to the bill passed by tañada.
i’ll be your ghost
the whole place was buzzing....and we were inside listening to the rain on the roof
he knew nothing of mothers. how could he? his died before his birth and he was born from the womb of his father’s thigh. there were days he barely remembered semele’s name. yet when she was insulted he raged within and swore vengeance against his own kin.
then theres this which may be hopeless. this was given to me to see what i can do with it.
that “someone” could take on so many forms depending on the specific person and the material desired. one example i can think of would be a small businessman trying to make more profits so he finds an avenue that he hadn’t explored before.. and it works but he runs into someone (a bigger businessman) who has already traveled down that road and has a sortof private claim to this particular profit scheme. this person allows the smaller businessman to make his additional profits but he charges a fee andr restricts certain actions in regards to the scheme.
we had an endoftheyear celebration at my house for all the coop moms last week. it was sooo much fun we got to enjoy ourselves without our little kiddos running around talk laugh and had an absolutely wonderful time of sharing about our experiences and joys and fun memories of the year. it was a total blast
gymnastics has indeed changed over the years.
as both boys in the photo are wearing a school uniform ms yates said she expected that the school would be called upon to assist with her inquiries.a disturbing sidebar to the appearance of the photo on facebook was the number of people who commented on it.
by that point i expect to be thoroughly exhausted but very hopefully cheerful
. by the time i get to phoenix
and even though i didnt feel particularly guilty from sharing that cinnamon roll i opted for a light brunch entree an arugulandiveadicchio salad with avocado grapefruit hazelnuts goat cheese and roasted garlic vinaigrette with some grilled shrimp. and overall a very enjoyable salad that maintained an incredible of balance of flavors and a fun mix of textures from all those components and the garlic vinaigrette wasnt overpowering at all; in fact there were only wisps and tinges of its pungency.
so let’s take a forinstance. let say you have an application that has to send emails to people who aren’t in your organization. you really want to use a relay connector to do this. here’s how you set it up in the emc
because i will get off the in easthampton
traumatic circle hayley jessup
this annual award recognises a special volunteer who embodies the welcoming and supportive spirit of scbwi and has made an outstanding contribution towards growing and shaping scbwi british isles. what well say here is that candy is one of those rare individuals a guiding light in the murk of creative confusion. shell inspire your beginnings sythe through the mess in the middle and clear a path to reveal the end. hers was no dreamy drift into publication but a bumpy road just like everybody else. its a continuing journey she shares in order to inspire and inform.
“you thought…how cool is this…how great is that…but you should have listened to the fear. stupid stupid woman.”
corcoran officials at the california substance abuse treatment facility and state prison in corcoran (csatfp) are investigating an inmate death as a homicide.
but you know what? i don’t remember her yelling at me.
oh and remember i asked your advice on "bag decisions"? well i was thiiiis close on clicking confirm on a large chloe paraty bag yesterday but i somehow got myself to click the "x" on the top of the screen why? well with research i found the cc skye onie bag in the color taupe im thinking it will be perfect it hasnt be released yet so im in contact with the buyer to get the s and i think that will be my new bag and will save me a ton of $$$
youve got something jammed in here real good.
if you look at the enlarged picture above you may be able to tell that the segment of the necklace i have been working on looks different from the portion to the right of it. it is much fuller.
secondly i have checked with the company who make the wigs for me and they are all safe and sound heres hoping the current conflicts in korea can be resolved safely and with no more loss of life.
he continues to show me words…though they’re all wrong and he seems to spend more time correcting them than anything else.
. “the reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.” george bernard shaw
the head of mi strongly defended the work of the security service tonight in the face of damaging accusations that it had sought to cover up its involvement in the torture of detainees.
but not to make trouble.
breakfast was finished and her mother would soon call from downstairs for help. her cousins were coming to visit this evening and there was a lot of work to do.
teaching need not be a chore
the last screening of dangerous minds for this first half of will be dedicated to expose and discuss strategies to resist and rethink contemporary society.
scrawled lottsa mad writings on the wall
products
kedah barisan nasional (bn) has lost a chance to shake the pasled pakatan rakyat state government when it did not “exploit” the recent crisis in the state administration. political observers said the internal conflict in kedah pas had split the party and made it “vulnerable” to outside attacks but bn did not seize the opportunity thus making it difficult for bn to retake the state.
the brown county fair. the post may have been started on but the date we went to the fair was . i wanted us to do something with nolan out of the ordinary as within a few days his life was going to be flipped upside down with the birth of his brother. so we went to the fair. we walked around we petted the animals (cows sheep horses bunnies etc)
almost from the start
but it concentrates on services like rypple chatter and jive (the former two owned by salesforce with jive one of the company’s partner services) which makes it a bit selfserving. there are plenty of other enterprise social clients – including yammer (which just acquired onedrum to compete with jive) jabber and a host of unified communications clients from cisco telligent socialtext newsgator as well as entrants from microsoft sap and ibm. these are the shapes that somoclo has taken in the enterprise.
by the time i finish writing this post christmas is over around the world. did you do much? how do you spend your december ? perhaps you have a strong faith and celebrate by prayer. perhaps youre consumed by family gifts and food aplenty. maybe youre some place in the middle. a little of that. a little of this.
u.s. customs and border protection
place the large element cluster you made on one cornerdge of your photo cluster. create another small cluster (using elements of your choice) and place it by your photos opposite from your large cluster.
you will have snippets on the history of a restaurant or of its owners or of some incident during their travels of fellow eaters clear statements on what to eat and what to avoid. you can use the book as a guide. or as i story book as i did.
i believe in miracles. when i was a child my family and many family friends witnessed a miracle of healing that resulted in my father still being around to bless my life today instead of succumbing to doctor’s opinions and a hopeless prognosis. i have no doubt of the power of faith and prayer. rocky’s vet still says she is at a complete loss to explain his miraculous recovery though to me there is no question.
“aeons ago thou wert this hunter born to liriope and cephissus beautiful than the age itself
i padded barefoot across the wooden floorboards in the dark round to the bathroom and through the doorway onto the cool tiles closing the door behind me. as usual i didnt bother to flick the light switch just outside the door the small halogen light rachel fixed to the cistern for nighttime toilet trips like this would be enough and anyway id be sitting down; less chance of a stray splash that way.
if you are a blogger look to the labels in your blog.
with unemployment still over % we have more ingenuity energy spirit and expertise than we have jobs–and definitely more time on our hands. we’ve seen individuals using that time to tap into the allamerican barnraising spirit to “widen the circle of our concern” as president obama said in his speech responding to the shooting of thencongresswoman gabrielle giffords.
not too surprising but david elkington has popped up again on facebook to briefly attempt to stoke the fires of interest in his codices. he posted a series of articles about political unrest in jordan. someone asked how the situation would affect the codices and he responded with this
impulsive aggression can be inherited.
i met up with the lovely lesley lowe again yesterday and she brought over lots of wonderful donations for the needy for christmas. she also brought these two lovely quilts to be donated and they will brighten the lives of two little children with a warm hug.
“in people with c.t.e.” writes kristof “an abnormal form of a protein accumulates and eventually destroys cells throughout the brain including the frontal and temporal lobes. those are areas that regulate impulse control judgment multitasking memory and emotions.”
rab
two young men who are close friends fall for the same extraordinary girl played by the wonderful jeanne moreau. the character she plays is unpredictable exciting and dangerous. irresistible. the film is often lightfilled and joyous but the underlying tension between the characters introduces a dark foreshadowing a tenebrous note of foreboding a feeling that this will not turn out well. as i was watching i remember thinking ‘you could update this. make it now.’
without teeth or even the ability to stand or do anything by myself mum took great care of me. thanks to mum and god. many were born on the same day month or the same year but their parents dumped them while others passed away on that day. not forgetting to mention that some did not even mature up to be born since their mothers aborted them. that definitely makes me love my mum. god bless her in abundance. just as i was she accepted me in her laps i sat on not forgetting the good milk from her breast that has made me strong and energetic fit to survive.
we havent been able to post on blogs correctly for months and not at all for quite some time as you can see )
first up from a stall called every craft a pound where everything was a pound or items for £ i bought (yes items)
this card was fun to make i even distressed the cheesecloth love these wings and i added some crackle to them to make them...well...just more. lol i dont have any info on the them as i bought them at the lss and the packaging was just in a baggie.
kid watching over us?
romney first of all my investments are not made by me. my investments for the last years have been in a blind trust managed by a trustee. secondly the investments that they’ve made we’ve learned about this as we made our financial disclosure have been in mutual funds and bonds. i don’t own stock in either fannie mae or freddie mac. there are bonds that the investor has held through mutual funds. and mr. speaker i know that sounds like an enormous revelation but have you checked your own investments? you also have investments through mutual funds that also invest in fannie mae and freddie mac.
***im not quite sure why im giving you a spoiler warning for a twentyplusyearold womeninprison movie but i guess if you want all the fragrant freshness of its story to unfold in a pure fashion youd better stop reading here***
arcade fire – keep the car running – neon bible ()
“the file was kept off the premises but pert told sharp he needed it to fix a corrupt file. pert then wiped it as well as two other backups in two fire safes on the premises.”
“’the first one will get you.’ according to john r. he kept repeating that.” dr. bob and the good oldtimers page .
i also played with more fabric and made a second husky mat for my client. i like these fabric choices better than the ones i used last week.
when i start dreaming up ideas about gardens and summertime its easy to get carried away and start thinking about sitting outside right in the thick of summer maybe its evening and were sitting around relaxing after dinner. the air is just starting to cool the tiniest bit....
 racism addressed on tv
but for now let’s just plow on ahead.
yesterday morning my oh so cute dog bailey decided she was going to eat something she shouldnt be eating. when i tried to get it out of her mouth she ran away from me and jumped over the couch. i ran around the couch because trying to jump over it would have been a disaster and comical. the door to the large dog crate was open but i didnt see it because it was dark. so while running i tripped over the crate door some how cutting my finger and shoulder and scraping my knee. then i slammed my face into the end table. the disaster was inevitable apparently.
butterflies
wei tossed back his brandy and poured another for himself not even bothering to offer to refill watanabe’s glass. like watanabe wei knew a thing or two about his counterpart. he knew that watanabe’s family had emigrated from japan some time after the end of the war to end all wars.
on average a family spends close to a year on eating out. can you fathom that?
i knew almost nothing about narciso ibáñez serradors movie ¿quién puede matar a un niño? except that it was a horror movie and i figured a horror movie with a title like that ought to at least be interesting. and it is that.
books about
the great eastern shipping sells aframax crude tanker jag labh 
george lazenby
without critical race theory the whole argument and effectiveness of identity politics melts away.
supercalifragilipstick will be released in early september and will sell for $ at kate spade stores and the kate spade website.
nothing made a sound.
is this diversification?
nearly every sunday morning my hubby and i wake up at the crack of dawn to head out to our local flea market. while he takes photos of all the crazy stuff im always on the hunt for that perfect vintage item whether it be vintage sewing supplies bakelite bangles aqua kitchen accessories or s hats.
add to that the quarrels the betrayals the battles the sorrow and above all the mystery of those two little princes the heirs to the house of york and you have a tale fit to entrance anybody. and other authors have certainly managed to make this story of the war of the roses absolutely gripping.
walking back home at with the rain holding off we could get a pic of semur in the evening. no tourists rather spookily quiet. a very charming little town. our home for at least two more days.
celebrate your good health
i must apologize for my nonexistent online presence these past couple months. as you can tell since orientation uni has consumed my life mostly in a good way fortunately.
mon (yogakgrp) saag allo leftovers for 
. i had a thyroid condition that i could blame for being overweight. you hear it all the time as an excuse to not lose weight and its not a good one. if you can’t lose weight because of your thyroid then your levels might be off still.
the page writes in the spirit of clarity the british museum wants to be unambiguous and accurate on this issue – the buddha was born in lumbini which is in nepal. the museum is always seeking to find the clearest way to put past history into understandable statements in the museum on our website and in our online records. thank you for your feedback. please be assured this is an important issue to the museum and has been passed on to our curatorial team to establish where further clarity in the museum and online may be required.
i have so missed visiting with so many of you in blogland i hope to do better 
if you’re going to one of the upcoming shows in europe or you were so lucky to get a ticket for the honda civic tour with incubus in north america and you want to write a report about the show contact me via twitter (@adiek) facebook (adie klarpol) or email (adiek@gmx.net)
give me a minute..... let me have my little pity party in this post.
she needed a valium or percocet. her head hurt like hell and she had work again tonight. normally she would not work backtoback nights but her habit was getting expensive. her purse was on the other chair. she didn’t remember putting it there and rolled her eyes as she stuck her foot under the strap and brought it toward her.
i know youll find another slave
i can spend time with them
just being in public in a wheelchair ken and i both see so many more kind gestures than we ever saw before. also more disabled people. they were always there but invisible to us. what an experience this is.
“and when sivalingam becomes fixed above the head then we can see over the head the energy construction resembling light antlers.”
predicted andrew luck
ill miss them after the first night though... as you do
half of indias homes have cellphones but not toilets.
seven things that make me awesummmmm.
i’m participating in the march for babies event in mayville ny on april and since i got started so late i could really use your help reaching my fundraising goal. so if you feel so inclined please check out this post on my photography website. it will give you the links to my march for babies page and there’s an extra incentive for you as well. it could be fun for all of us and… most importantly it will save lives
jazakum allahu khairan
b. our stomach will be filled with
last week members of a literary association in the western city of al baha walked out of meeting in protest of a female writer and professor suaad al mana addressing the association on stage with her face uncovered. this despite her wearing the full black cloak — the abaya — and completely covering her hair. the members who walked out stated that a woman standing on stage in front of men is the beginning of the moral disintegration of saudi society. before walking out the group called those who remained “secularists” as if it was a dirty accusation and shouted that this type of gathering is what caused the fall of the islamic empire in spain. a spokesperson for the group ahmed al amari told al sharq alawsat that their objection “is based on sharia legal and social grounds.”
i still ask my boy on occasion what he thinks of my creations. and i laugh every time for i know with his standard answer hes too busy with his own passions to dare be interrupted with mine
s 
moreover you’ve got to familiarize yourself with the myths surrounding the copyright of public domain novels and other materials. they are as follows
it occurred to me that i should have included more in my answer. eg that my income is not derived entirely from simply colouring cloth
the hood came off; i was sat in what appeared to be the cellar of a pub. i heard the rumble of tatty bearded old men walk above and discussions regarding the true origin of ipa and an argument about sparklers. the smell of pongy ale was overpowering. they gave me a pint of dark pongy liquid they referred to as “bitter” alongside a bag of something called “pork scratchings” which appeared to be little more than salted cooked fat. “get that down you lager lout” they taunted.
preheat oven to degrees or use toaster oven. tear whole wheat pita into chipsize pieces (do not double the pita...split apart so bread is thin) spread pita slices across the surface of a nonstick baking sheet. sprinkle pita slices with diced turkey diced tomatoes diced onions. top with parmesan cheese and place cube of muenster cheese on top of each individual pita slice. sprinkle with dried red pepper flakes if desired. place in preheated oven or toaster oven for to minutes. bake until edges of pita slices are crispy and cheese is melted.
ava handled her surgery* better than i parked jasmine’s car. both left the hospital with scars though. stupid column.
. vintage beers will come to forefront (finally). a new appreciation of aging and cellaring beer will start to catch hold.
jason rutcofsky
round (knit knit together) across the round. ( stitches)
his mother has done a wonderful job of caring for him as any loving mother would.
whoever i spoke to seemed to be reading something for book club trying to find a copy of a book they needed for book club (not so easy...the english bookshops would sell out quickly and the dutch parcel service was so unreliable that often books went straight back to amazon).
zodiac signs gemini libra aquarius
pyg the memoirs of toby the learned pig
who looked on down with cratered eyes
"the fate of haifas dogs also tells us something about their owners and the situation in which they have found themselves. as we were walking around our neighborhood after a few hours of quiet we noticed a number of ownerless dogs looking for their homes."
 gertie sweet brewing co as brewer and proprietor
 be sure to follow us
tv projects
we need to ensure that the oft quoted words of voltaire are upheld as a way of life for the preservation of all our freedoms. we may not agree with what other people say but we must fight for their right to say it even nay especially when it is hurtful and thereby challenging. if we allow censorship on any issue we give credibility to those who wish to silence debate on the holyhoax manmade climate change the money system zionism palestine and indeed every issue which the establishment seek to control. this isnt the first time that icke has travelled the censors road. if alarm bells were ringing in the background they have gone up a few decibels. maybe his close relationship with alex jones isnt so peculiar afterall...
b) confused unintelligible language
it’s really just a mask; your call to think of them as pretty.
after going back and forth about purchasing an ereader i finally settled on a kindle touch. as a student i have been purchasing my college textbooks from amazon.com for the last years on an amazon.com credit card which had enough points to cover half of the kindle.
necklace self made due to extreme nerdiness
"immediately available" is expected. you wouldnt query unless the novel was ready to go. you dont have to say this; we expect it.
swirl
my inspiration for this week’s tartan & sequins style file was southern california in the s. the thing about the s that really speaks to me is how transitional it was in terms of style and the world at large. mod style was the halfway point between the wholesome s and the hedonistic s and i think it would make a perfect setting for an engagement session.
that your words can create the realities you want to see in your life. all you
lyrical nanoha 
. don’t be afraid to speak up when your friend is out of bounds and needs help.
bob has repeatedly accused the commissary general of the inquisition of dishonesty and subterfuge. but if anyone is guilty of such unseemly behavior it would seem to be bob himself.
it was also my birthday today. at forty five years i have finally taken a risk in my life and i have to say as nerve racking as it is it is also very liberating. okay it might not work out but in the process i am meeting lots of lovely people and its giving me some life experience as they say better late than never i had almost forgotten what it is to be anything other than a mum or wife i have lost in essence my own identity maybe this will help me refind it. i know dont want to run my own shop forever but maybe while running the shop i will get some answers as to what direction i do want to take my life in.
this is not a “do we deserve to have our lord die on the cross for our souls” question. it is a question of how men treat one another. in this society the context that we have created for ourselves does humanity have the right continue existing continue hoping?
i grimaced; humid state where uncle car salesman aunt ostentatious blonde cousin and pretty hair once lived is hundreds of miles away.
it’s an ageold question one that haunts every undergraduate across the globe what do i major in?
hi. i’m chris. i promise.
“nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task.”
don’t tell me lies just say goodbye
send in your pictures of cute animals with their tongues sticking out to cuteanimaltongues at gmail dot com.
i started reading one fifth avenue by candace bushnell a few months ago and i finished reading the book last week. well it took me a while to finish the book since i had to do a lot of work for my clients.
a man on a bike carrying two sacks on his shoulders was stopped by a guard while crossing the usmexican border.
we decluttered. depilated. decompressed.
maybe next year)
dropped your ashes to separate me from you.
were leaving for a week long visit to cambridge in two weeks. i cant wait to see friends and eat at my favorite places. i had been hoping to go shopping for new clothes and sandals but to be honest im not in the mood.
p.s. does anyone else feel lost on pinterest without christmas ideas to save and obsess over completing? i couldnt help but giggle when i saw notices that people had repinned halloween and football pins in place of christmas. its like were lost with no direction. is it valentines day yet? vday new board new world of procrastination.
mom got a new phone and iphone and has been playing around with it for like a week now. i have been practically begging my boss to get me one for like years to know avail but not sure if i want one now…
full disclosure dept 
what’s your favorite move in class? does it change? i love the side leg series we use in long and lean legs it’s killer i love thigh dancing and i love using the blue ball at the barre there is no way you cannot shake
isn’t that nice. she doesn’t like quotas but she has no choice because she gave industry a “last chance” to engage in gender bean counting and they didn’t comply.
... on the day that moses (he of the commandments fame... although not yet they come after this little bit of history...) led the jews out of slavery in egypt it turns out they werent quite as prepared as perhaps they should have been... history tells that they didnt have enough time to wait for the bread theyd baked to rise... yes they had to take unleavened bread on the long trip to freedom... and so as part of the celebrations of passover we remember this act of unpreparedness by eliminating anything everything that contains yeast or flour from our households and from our foods ... this act of cleansing the house is reflected in many of the religions including lent where we cleanse our bodies and souls of temptation and has even become what we now all call the annual spring clean ...
so i am seriously seriously crossing my fingers that i am not toooooo late because this will be the rd post that is required for the application
one thing i’ve been struggling with since being diagnosed with celiac’s disease is my weight fluctuates up and down. i grew up playing sports through college and was always very health ate right and never really had to watch what i ate. now with celiac’s disease i find it a constant struggle. i shy away from many of the premixed boxed products due to ingredients i am just not comfortable ingesting but as of late i have gained more weight.
. for a fine line you can use copic multiliners however those do need to be heatset.
addy is sure about one thing; she wants to sock it to all american insurance company where it hurts the most – their pocket. god knows they have cheated so many of her worthy clients over the years. plus teaching all american’s defense counsel a lesson would be an added bonus. he has pulled off too many undeserved victories in the courtroom – not to mention the bedroom.
it would be forever
 beerenberg taka tala dressing makes your salad taste like a creamy curry
stuff that increases taxes often disguised by using other words such as various fees "value" added tax etc.
nonetheless i was a little heartbroken...it just seems as though he should not only play baseball but he should also love it as well. i appreciate his love of soccer and i can see that he really enjoys himself and is very good at it. i told him that we would wait to see how he felt this coming spring but if he didnt want to play baseball that would be fine. i would just want him to replace it with other outdoor activities. i am a firm believer in trying to listen to your children and taking stock in what they have to say even if it isnt exactly what you want to hear.
saturday march pm
as i was reliving that moment of feeling so stuck so lonely so not enough suddenly i saw the ceiling of that kitchen literally rolled back like clouds and all this light flooded that room. i felt myself literally lifted out of that place of “just not being enough” straight into god’s embrace. i was free of the darkness of that “secret place” that had driven me for so many years as i was consumed with god’s love.
 sheets nori crumbled
aren’t some folks like that? aren’t some folks simply and utterly absolute obstacles to god’s grace? aren’t there some people who will do nothing to make it easier on people to receive god’s mercy? the implication is of course that pharisees and lawyers actually made it harder on the man to get to jesus. doesn’t it rather boggle your mind that these people didn’t move out of the way so that the man on the stretcher could get to jesus?
each morning i wake up to see flowers growing in my little pot plant.
the historic winslow house is located at careswell street marshfield.
anyway after helping to set up our picnic area (by delivering my assigned breakfast foods) chatting with group members and a quick portapotty trip i lined up with two of my running buddies who were hoping for the same pace as i was. but much like many of my runs and races lately i only managed to keep pace with them for about half a mile or so.
“settle ye peddle ye slow and more slow and seek ye rest”
we have been forced to hire a cyber defence expert who is skilled in prevention of the kinds of internet attacks we have just experienced. on top of this we also need to invest in additional hardware and servers. we must pay for these critical items immediately in order to prevent our website being taken offline again and for this we need your help.
if enjoy the outdoors spending time with friends and family or are looking for an outdoor retreat a veranda is just you need. with a veranda you will be able to go outside whenever you want to relax.
“i think if we work together we will be able to turn malaysia into a dynamic country in all aspects” he said.
the first thing i saw in this photo was the blue bird in the top left corner of the quilt. i new instantly that i wanted to use the tweet things set. which up to this point hadnt been released in digital form yet.
"wuthering heights" hit number one in the uk her wavering
of course the perfect pot was proud of its accomplishments.
and the twelfth strand of dna is held by the pure white selenite or quartz crystals and vibrates to the number four as well. this is where you come to the end of cycles; wherever you are faced with a life changing experience the crossroads so to speak know that you are working with twelfth strand dna issues. this is where the soul steps in where spirit takes over and you can call it fate you can call it destiny and it takes you where you must be. it is like everything becomes completely out of your control and the only choice that you have is to surrender you can carry on and fight it if you want to but you will get tired. so it is rather to surrender to it.
 tsp butter
oceanside beach
we know the end result of both doors. the long term end that is. the doors all end in death. we cannot avoid it. even if we were to try standing still and never move we have chosen our exit from the world. and what a sad desperate exit that is too. so what exit do we chose to use?
the third component of "what we do" is the project as a whole (the entire film tv show video game or whatever) and our satisfaction or disappointment with how it turns out.
thank you for your comments. i could not choose just one so here we have to popcorn box (small size) and inch circles the circles were designed to fit wl from world label. i chose to leave the lines on the circles but in a very light color that will blend for those will choose to cut the circles out with scissors )
arena with the defeat that yui and her sister has against the araragi sisters their loss just made themselves a vulnerable target for another bakemonogatari contender shinobu. while it was a tag team match if karen and tsuhiki can possibly replace yui and ui respectively in terms of power then shinobu who should be as strong or possibly stronger than the two should also have a change of defeating yui. the victory should provide a good morale boost that someone like shinobu has what it takes to defeat her kon lead guitarist and singer. i believe shinobu does have a chance against yui and may be the victor here.
and that’s without even going into the depths of what it says about women when we tell boys that being “girly” is “shameful.” really? what does that make girls? what does it tell our little boys about the value of femininity?
i’m so thankful for my mom. i love visiting them and seeing all of the flowers bloom. i love seeing the joy on my mom’s face while she excitedly tells me about a flower that just bloomed. things like that are memories i cherish the most.
as soon as i get a spare minutes )
then you should include a sampling of images that would appear in the book. i know this sounds obvious but you would be amazed by how many proposals we receive that have no images. how are we supposed to judge the merits of a visual project without seeing the visuals? the number of images really depends on the content but you should include at least . the best way in my opinion to send images is in a lores emailable pdf. don’t bother to “design” your images or lay them out as you imagine they would appear in the book. this can actually hurt your proposal if your aesthetic doesn’t match the house you’re pitching and it may be harder to see the potential in images if they’re overdesigned. simple fullbleed images in a pdf are ideal for easy viewing and distribution. if you’re sending a hard copy same rules apply. one large image per page is fine. there’s one exception graphic design proposals. since design is an integral element to your book we do want to see designed sample spreads.
manga chapters
looking to integrate sap solutions into your business to make it run more effectively and efficiently? we would like to share with you some of the resources that we currently distribute via our social media channels such as twitter and linkedin. if you would like to learn more about sap solutions business intelligence cloud computing and erp solutions you can visit the etiah website or take a look at some of these great articles provided by the sap website.
so how to avoid the dreaded bonk? well it’s really quite simple and again it breaks down rather nicely into categories
. never cuss bridge that you cross be grateful for favors from anyone because someday you may need another.
irregardless of your business or dreams you need people. word of mouth is probably the strongest biz builder in the world. the internet is a close second but that’s a different discussion. people will always sing your virtues if you do quality work. but you have to go out and meet these people first.
i picked up three of the sw cook books (curry heaven extra easy cookbook little book of soups) and went home with a strong resolve.
needless to say this event stirred a lot of emotions which kind of messed up my weekend plans and interactions. i wasn’t at my most balanced self so i think i may have seemed more weird than usual. however by monday i was back to my normal self and now i feel fine. i’m very happy to have my degree of bachelor of arts and i’m glad i didn’t give up on it.
*bazzillchiffon
the playoff structure in the nhl suffers from the exact same problem that the nbas does it takes fucking forever. by the time they are overpromoted so much that im willing to consent to pay attention to the highlights on espn (i still have never watched a full game all the way through on tv – i lapse into a coma long before the third period is reached) its only the second round. within about a week im sick of the fucking games being shown and cant take it any more.
grind almost cup of buckwheat groats in a magic bullet or high powered blender to make fresh ground buckwheat flour. mix one cup of flour with the rest of the above ingredients. use a rubber spatula to mix well and it will start out crumbly like a pie crust and will turn into a cookie dough. take tb sized balls and roll them in the palm of your hand and then press down the little quartersized balls on a parchment papered baking sheet. this recipe will make between to dozen cookies depending on how large you roll your cookies. bake cookies in a preheated degree oven for minutes and then let cool for at last one hour. then make the following mint cream topping...
the voice of new zealand broadcasting to the pacific te reo irirangi o aotearoa o te moananuiakiwa reported that kiribati’s minister for environment tetapo nakara says the government wants to ensure a viable use of its resources. “certain areas of the phoenix islands will be declared a marine protected area. in march we’ll going to have the negotiation with the potential donors and after that we’ll determine the timeframe. the main reason for this is part of the government’s commitment to conserve the place and the biological diversity.”
our wonderful art teacher mrs. taylor designed our fabulous cookie sheet
really ugly. this footstool was a freebie from a yard sale and was in need of some love. mckenna had been dragging it around the house and using it to climb up on things since we moved in november.
johannesburg taxpayers will spend at least r.m a year on suspended national police commissioner bheki celes salary according to reports on sunday.
gregory i see
“when other creditors of the sabc find out about this there will be a rush from everyone to get their money.
colson whitehead is the author of the new novel zone one as well as the novels sag harbor the intuitionist john henry days and apex hides the hurt. he has also written a book of essays about his hometown the colossus of new york and his reviews essays and fiction have appeared in the new york times the new yorker new york magazine harpers granta and other publications. a recipient of a macarthur fellowship and a whiting writers award he has been nominated for a pulitzer prize and a national book critics circle award. he lives in new york city.
*oor else years ago when ireland wis formed in a flood by gawd.
xypherous that catastrophe shall not be mentioned in my office.
later i lay out sheets of tissue paper and have students choose a color to wrap their moms gift in. i help them wrap and tape. while im helping students wrap they are also making a gift tag. i cut out small rectangles and put out markers for my kiddos to use. i was afraid they would go way overboard decorating the tags especially since they were using markers but they did an excellent job the tags turned out adorably after holepunching the tag i begin to create a bow (ours were made with yarn). before i tie it i add the tag and wala
me ah reach around. if you make a feefee you dont have to give a reach around.
incidentally angola continued with its civil war long after the sadf withdrew troops from the country. the angolan civil war finally ended in eight years after south africa’s first democratic elections in april the end of the socalled “apartheid regime”.
there was miso sake black cod tacos with incredibly fresh tender flaky fish on amazing little flour tortillas (my fav). and the hoisin duck confit taco. and salsas with asianinspired flavors. it may look like street food but it tastes like fine dining ingredients are all top quality. thats not all the tacos are all served with free chips with wasabi guacamole and pickled shishito peppers.
the above was taken by my mate sally on our boscastle walk a few weeks ago a lovely day. thanks sally
and then explained to her that i had just recently become enthralled with the whole concept.
if you were hiring a new bass player you might consider many factors can he sing does she know the style you play does he have the look do you all get along can she both learn the material and contribute to it? similarly ask yourself after meeting with a producer does he like my music does she get my music? you want someone who is enthusiastic about your material and knows your genre. does he offer criticism and is it constructive? you don’t want a wimp who won’t tell you honestly what is good and what isn’t. at the same time you need someone who is sensitive to your pride as a group and as a songwriter. does his perspective seem helpful? after all his suggestions must seem to you to be an improvement over the way things were.
as i have not ventured far this week i am going to ask mark to put on his elf suit and pick a few random candy winners from the last post that way we dont have to ask for addresses as he has them at funkykits and we will wait and see who gets a surprise under their tree this week )
besides there is always somebody on the bus who wants to argue just with anybody mostly those are greek older men (sometimes with the bag on the wheels) desperately looking for someone to accidentally kick it so they can start cursing them and involve half of the bus in the argument.
the sentiment is computer generated.
i have never asked you my readers to donate money to me or to my blog. everything i do here comes from my love of the genre. but i am asking you if you enjoy my ramblings and reviews to please consider making a donation. i couldnt be there with jimmy when he needed me so im hoping that any assistance i can give in fundraising will make up for it.
while bringing the power of the fed to bear on the jobs crisis is alluring there’s still the question of how we raise the revenue. as i suggested above each model has different attributes. for example each way of financing job insurance has different economic effects payroll taxes make employment marginally more expensive tobin taxes decrease the volatility in our financial markets and an income tax surcharge would modestly redistribute wealth from the richest to the poorest.
submerge – the kaiju lets go of any ship it is trying to eat and is removed from the table its position being marked. in each subsequent kaiju movement phase roll a d – on a + the kaiju reappears. roll d for each movement phase it has remained submerged (including the current one); it appears that many cm away from the point at which it originally went under the water in a randomly determined direction. it may not move or attack in the phase it reappears. a submerged kaiju does regenerate
use immediately; if caramel begins to harden reheat gently until pourable.
as i see my friends…this is a passage from the book i work on and hopefully everything will go as according to the plan. however for most of you it might look probably insane…but is better to see the mystery behind it and let others judge…isanity after all is part of all and we express it differently…i see it in stories…stories that save me in being the same regular person…have a wonderful week all of you as i see it here in aalborg is quite sunny and wonderful to enjoy
i debated between a couple different recipes one from baking illustrated and one from alton brown. although similar the main differences were in the type of flour and the type of sweetener. the baking illustrated recipe used bread flour which has a higher gluten content and therefore creates a chewier dough. pretzels are supposed to be chewy so i decided to stick with the bread flour. the baking illustrated recipe also used honey and after reading their explanation i decided to go with that it also meant i didnt have to open a package of brown sugar for a couple tablespoons so it made it a fairly easy decision. the other key to the recipe which both versions did is to boil the pretzels in a baking soda solution so make sure you dont skip this step.
florian refused. this did not sit well with aquilinus and so he commanded the troops to turn on florian. florian took the abuse as the roman soldiers punched kicked and beat him soundly with staves. seeing that this wasnt doing enough they tortured him with fire. and then to be really efficient they tied a big ass stone around his neck and tossed him in the enns river where he drowned.
and now that the building is empty for it
you might notice that the two panels closest to me when taking this photo are still wet with black paint. we had a little mismeasuring mishap that caused for some fun "drama" and crunchtime insanity on my part..but i went out and got two more panels and got them painted ;) plus i was able to show my friends in the lumber department of lowes what i was actually doing with those boards they cut for me. i am good pals with all the dudes in the lumber department though im pretty sure theyre always wondering what the heck im up to )
yes as through your life you roam
for at bucephalas’ side i remain
it doesn’t matter
ill find someone
here are a few words from christopher about his class.....
 summer squash quartered lengthwise and cut into inch pieces
its my favorite month of the year. the weather is perfect. the colors are at their boldest. and college football is in full swing.
my card today is a one layer card and one of my favourite stamps from crafty individuals. at first it seemed a sad image but could just as easily be used for christmas missing you or write soon i love her calm and innocent face. i inked the stamp carefully leaving the edge uninked and then i smudged the ink on the stamp with a baby wipe. i stamped her on my card and made a mask with a post it note.
 williams frotn wing
i normally try not to quote from people’s stage acts but occasionally lewis mentions on stage that an edinburgh fringe reviewer once called him “mildly racist”.
grass dams. he could not resist the long
is revealed again and again one
so there i was dashing through the brand new library to find my kids some new reads. ok truth be told i took about an hour in the new local library full of deliciously brand new reads and i admit that i was literally giddy i was flyin my book nerd flag high and proud that day anyway as soon as i picked up this book i thought my boys would love it. and they did.
i believe i want
im sorry to say i have no pink pretties for the celebration. i do hope you and yours will have a happy holiday anyway.
so obviously i havent done any of my cleaning up your grammar posts in like forever someting which has surprised me is that some people actually liked them; in the sense that they helped. for this reason i am going to continue with the grammar posts. ill post one next week and then try to continue that regularly. first id like to hear from you guys
the perfect companion to likeminded films such as street trash brain damage from beyond and the stuff the wonderfully putrid slime city is the kind of movie where a razor blade to the face is met with indifference struggling artists have an extensive collection of kitchen ready cutlery forgotten boomboxes are worth retrieving (even after the threat of limb removal has been established) and army jackets are used as impromptu picnic blankets. if you have an aversion to lumpy slime especially when its being excreted from unorthodox places then avoid this film at all costs. if however youre not averse to seeing globs of mustardy goo spewing with an impure recklessness you should prepare yourself accordingly because youre in for a treat.
he cares for the flowers weaving for them with threads of light the lovely robes they wear.
that is why i say i am both blessed and cursed with her as a beta reader. most people have betas that read like me if i can see what the writer is trying to say i keep reading. ive read books that were absolute trash but clearly written trash. in some ways that helps me critique peoples books as i will look for minor things to improve on but just because i read a book doesnt mean its any good.
digital antishock
ethan wingfield (rep) .% 
hello again and its day of my marathon posting
after a series of financial disasters and a run of luck which would suggest that i have been genghis khan or pol pot in a past life syd and i initially decided to abandon our annual spring trip. as the days went by and the promising march weather worsened to the usual bouts of torrential rain and hurricane strength wind at home we changed our minds and decided to raid syd’s air miles account and book a last minute dash.
my daring words
) roulette dares (the haunt of) – the mars volta – from “deloused in the comatorium”
that is the difference (or at least should be) between the world’s rebuke and a christian’s rebuke. the world rebukes in order to slander destroy and bring pain. the christian rebukes to bring humility and restoration. whenever delivering a hard truth to someone make sure that that is always your goal – not revenge.
step making the frame work.
it should come as no surprise that the festive season has been providing songpoets with a bottomless barrel of maudlin sentiment for decades. along with us presidents elvis and lifethreatening diseases or injuries christmas is easily one of the most popular subjects for budding lyricists. as another christmas approached your average songshark would have been rubbing his calloused hands with so much glee it’s a wonder they didn’t catch fire.
when i closed the last page of stolen figs (reading every so slowly as i neared the end knowing my time in calabria was ending) i picked up my calabria by rosetta costantino with janet fletcher and decided to cook. i needed a sweet for a family dinner. while i yearned for rotellas tartufo al modo di pizzo (ice cream truffle) simplicity won out and the ricotta ice cream would be made.
it is shakes a day and let me tell you they are so good (there are hundreds of different recipes out there so there is no chance of bordem) snacks in between and then a sensible dinner easy
her home was part of a "christmas tour" a few years back
little miss thought it was wonderful which was all that mattered so i considered it a success anyway. she was very pleased to have candles to blow out (one black sparkly candle on each of the whiskers). the white velvet cake was very yummy
save for a few whackos and nut cases we believe in the evolution or revolution through the ballot boxes. none of us believe that we could change things by taking to the streets a la people power.
a very useful little place
i have already commented myself in these proceedings and mentioned having an open equipment market for cellular phones and tablets that can work with the carrier of the individual’s choice and would encourage others to do so as well. please note that the fcc’s next open commission meeting is on friday april th at which time they will vote on some proposed rules in proceedings related to standardized and enhanced disclosure pertaining to broadcaster’s public interest obligations () that while still open the commenting period for rules has passed and on a few other proceedings related to usf contributions etc.
~instead of trying to be flawless on your first attempt learn from your mistakes and make a thorough list of what you can improve next time. put far greater value in learning and improving a little every day than in being “perfect.” (this has been a particularly powerful tool for me personally.)
 pinball wizard ()
there are more babyboomers getting ready to retire that will cause a crash in the medicare system. they are not handing down their fathers business farms and legacies – those are for sale so they can continue to vacation and live “the life” their fathers never had and the life their children will never have either.
when the email comes through the first thing i do is cross my fingers and hope for that little paper clip icon the one that tells me that theres a photo attached.
we’re on east coast then we’re on west coast have you seen any men like us?
and they tie it way too tight
a. the government unit needs to have at least five people and
gert here. this is pure how…i’m copycatting here….you’re boring. repetitive
today’s workout doesn’t have a video but there are photos. it’s a short one day but once again uses the sand bag. i totally went to the asia mart yesterday and got some kg bags of rice but i didn’t have a lot of cash can’t pay with a card there and more eel was definitely necessary. eel isn’t cheap so i only ended up with kg of rice for my bag. i’ll get more later in the week when i’m back in town with more cash. but i think for today that kg rice + clothes (and no chafing book) will work. .kg .lbs
was there a golden age for artists and writers? much like owen wilson’s character in midnight in paris i have a highly romanticized idea of ′s paris as a glamorous paradise full of writers and painters and musicians and dancers gathering in cafes and parlors and clubs drinking and dancing and creating from dusk til dawn. i feel like if i could somehow slip back in time and space to that era i could tap into that same bottomless creative well they all seemed to have access to and create literary masterpieces.
what piece of clothing never fits you properly?
i have had a great weekend... and its even better because today is a holiday in calgary my sister arrived on thursday afternoon and we spent the weekend at cropaganza in red deer. we had a great time with shannon and deanna kate and leeanne (our tablemates)... it was great to meet melanie face to face after knowing her online for years. it was also great to spend time with christy michelle brittany cathie allison susan... it was a great event and i do recommend that you jump at the chance to go next year (you are doing it again right???)
all of a sudden smoke whooshes from the fireplace. sparks dance mysteriously in the air as a ghostly call echoes through the room.
they asked if you would write his story. i got to thinking that maybe . . .”
just when you thought it was over… it seemed like this season was never going to end (not that i’m complaining). a few weeks ago my buddy rj convinced me to sign up for the xterra k in laguna. the race profile showed some serious climbs but i really had no idea what i was in store for
i am dreaming...
not even your own inner soul
waiting for warm paint to coagulate in creamy clusters at the center.
authority. an elderly man. guarding a church. attacked. shot. dead.
good friday. and it has been so far. matthew has the day off from classes so we started out the morning with some puppy cuddles fresh fruit and delicious everything bagels from central market… and we both agree that these particular renditions were the closest we’ve ever had to our beloved new york bagels. almost felt like we were back there in our favorite little cafe watching the world bustle by.
no trees in forested private lands may be cut without prior authority from the pta. all forested areas in public lands are declared forest reserves. (emphasis supplied)
professional mariners seafarers hold a variety of professions and ranks each of which carries unique responsibilities which are integral to the successful operation of an oceangoing vessel. (from wikipedia)
i guess i didnt sleep very well last night.
manufacturing. this translates to a faster return on investment.
if your prior diet wasnt so healthy theres nothing wrong with slowly working your way over to foods with low glycemic index. doing so will keep you from shocking your body. and if the change is so dramatic that you have problems you are likely to not stick with it. you really need to do all you can to stack the deck in your favor. foods with low glycemic index will make you feel better in a short period of time if you hang with it.
freeman’s improvisations take you quickly from one room to the next. some of them like the meowing slurs during an unaccompanied solo on the ballad “body and soul” are breathtakingly strange. others like the wild chorus at the top of his range on duke ellington’s “caravan” offer hairraising adventure.
my loud noisy cousins my bro richie my friends (and enemies haha)
with not a drop of rain predicted.
) trick or treat?
we’ve also decided to cancel our art party that was scheduled for october . if you signed up and paid you will be receiving your refund soon.
we left the dogs in the trek this morning and made our way to the black hills wild horse sanctuary which is about a mile drive south of rapid city.
hi crafty friends hope your week is going good.i have been busy making mothers day projects.here is an altered wooden box i got at my dollar tree store.i made the gardenia with the green retro flower punch from the ek success brand.the gardenia flower tutorial can be found here.the paper is from recollections mosiac memories paper pad.the trim is from martha stewart.the wooden supporters wore purchased at michaels.the girl is a stamp from a teresa collins stamp set i think its called chic.the butterfly is from a ctmh stamp set.the rolled roses are from mft rolled roses die.the frame is from the tim holtz tags and bookplates.the leave branch is from storybook cricut cartridge.thank you for stopping by today and have a wonderful day my crafty friends.
blue shirted chap “we’re not a cult we’re a family.”
here is the inside of the card
approx prep minutes bake minutes (mushrooms) serves 
this week. a slight improvement for me. although i was not helped by knowing little about women’s hair and nothing about wild things. what will you score in this week’s quiz?
wash lettuce leaves and leave intact drying on paper towels. cut chicken into inch cubes place in bowl. add egg white and cornstarch stir. let marinate or minutes in the fridge while you prepare vegetables. slice green beans mushrooms zucchini peppers and scallions for stir fry. do not mix. remove peel from tangerine and slice into bite size pieces removing seeds.
in a review of sätty’s art s.f. chronicle art critic thomas albright stated “his work evidenced his germanic roots with a somber dreamlike realm of utopian surrealist fantasy spiced by disarming accents of the bizarre and grotesque.” his art has been exhibited in many galleries and museums including the san francisco museum of modern art; the museum of modern art new york; the boston museum of fine arts; the national museum of art belgrade; and the national museum warsaw."
and speaking of enjoy.....get ready to enjoy a post from all of our designers today with more amazing projects showing off our new goodies.
they became rampantly xenophobic to keep their culture from being replaced by the one they conquered.
we spent easter somewhere whose beauty is entirely different to that of green scotland malta the doughty little island state which is a dot in the centre of the mediterranean. we went there in search of history religion and sunshine and found all three in abundance. malta is a welcoming warmhearted mediterranean holiday spot but it is so much more than that as i’m sure many of you know far better than i. (i know that there are some maltese who read dancing beastie and i beg your indulgence as i try to recount my first gleanings of your home country.)
i suspect that breivik is mad or he is a manchurian candidate being used to undermine the right in europe.
med flory sax
which is not surprising because they were drinking a lot of beer.
after i’d been there about minutes the recreational therapist the pet therapist and i went back to the therapist’s office. she had only observed my class which i’ll write about in another post but her breathing was different. she said “we could all learn to breathe better no one seems to know how to breathe correctly.” i know she knows she’s not breathing deeply enough. it must bother her and at some level she wants to change it but she’s not sure how yet it seems a huge task. but her face was different more relaxed a bit more alive. she asked if i wanted to come back again and i said of course. we scheduled a date in july.
all thy kindness i record
she is next to me now. i see her smooth white legs in front of me.
beds in his apartment. i just wanted to make everyone happy so that no
* cup water
for more information about this amazing program please go here.
 john 
a personally favourite shot of the editors. they said it all on their own photo courtesy vincent crowley
. lola versus powerman & the moneygoround part one the kinks ()
most mothers are always shopping around to redecorate and buy new furniture for their house at the best prices. why not give them the selection and prices they will be happy about. with over items in stock the possibilities are endless.
authorities say the yearold jamaican forced his way past security check points and seized the canjet airlines plane late sunday night. he quickly released all the passengers and two crew members but six crew members were held at gunpoint hours longer.
this is happening in all white countries and only white countries.
the sweetsmelling honeysuckles are beginning to bloom out
where several wellknown washington post writers and reporters were scheduled to speak.
what’s troubling is that chairman mckeon’s post gives you the impression that it defends sec. —the discretionary detention provision—when in fact his post is all about sec. the mandatory provision. the post conspicuously defends “the provision” without referencing a specific section number. and at the end it includes a chart titled “section of the fy national defense authorization act” even though one of the two quotes in the chart is from sec. not .
weve also hit up a few family partiesinners in the past few weeks. i love a good old fashioned get together and hanging out with people. i think our friendsamily thing we are odd only because we are younger but we really enjoy hanging out with everyone. i made a layer mexican dip that got rave reviews and also got a fabum recipe for a greekstyle layer dip. only social etiquette held hubby and myself from just eating the entire thing. so good
this line of attack strikes me as weakstate bar organizations in all states have restrictions of various types on what can and cannot be said about judges criminal cases etc. upholding the cline argument would essentially require judge hobgood holding that the state bar codes in all states are unconstitutional.
house mouse stamp coloured with pro markers dovecraft papers.
a week ago we mentioned the kickstarter campaign that glasgows team girl comic collective were running to finance the publication of tgc issue and possibly reprint some of their soldout back issues. it has been the most viewed blog piece on downthetubes over the last week even if the kickstarter video featuring tgc editor gillian hatcher and issue cover artist coleen campbell was incompatible with our blogspot format. our thanks to gillian for pointing us towards the youtube version.
if youd like to participate in this year long challenge please share your layout below using linky tools by pm est on december st . please see the leave your legacy page for guidelines before linking here. winners will be announced on january st .
as mothers daughters wives partners employees employers single widowed separated… when we move thru our asanas and breath as one we leave those roles at the door. becoming one human being next to another.
note the wonder in every day
i quickly folded spellwork into my antianxiety regime. doing a spell to ward against something was like not stepping on cracks or counting the number of times i did things it was just something i did to make it easier to avoid obsessing.
in the evening i went to something quite interesting. for a while now i’ve been pretty into bbc’s sherlock tvseries and throug tumblr i encountered the finnish fandom. i must honestly say i don’t think i’ve ever seen a fandom that active before. they’ve had the creators of the series retweet some of the things they’ve done. seen a random “i believe in sherlock holmes” poster hanging around? that would be them.
) communicate
being a woman feels so vulnerable at times. there seems to be an unspoken expectation that you are physically and emotionally more available and vulnerable than men. and within that there are liberties taken against women that become unspeakable.
i am perfect just like as my heavenly father is perfect amen
describing that new indie rock band as “the greatest band since the beatles”
“the new csa regulations are based on hours and service violations for truckers. government special interest groups like patt (parents against tired truckers) and crash (citizens for reliable and safe highways) are doing this. last year was the safest year but i’m an outlaw trucker. i used to take pills. if i had to get a load to chicago i would pop a couple of pills. now it’s recreational. these young guys start driving to make easy money so they can buy recreational drugs. it’s like the regulations come years too late.” las cruces nm—love’s gas and travel center
they convey complex messages.
i got up and fixed my family my “famous” oatmeal for breakfast made a pot of hazelnut coffee and grabbed my bible to satisfy my hunger for time with him and to absorb the nutrients for my soul from his word. my oatmeal is famous because it’s the one item i can fix and not burn. or at least i haven’t ever burnt it. yet j
blown with heroism into spain.
what do you want to be known for—your indelible mark?
if you haven’t noticed it’s something i’m pretty adamant about (with homework being an exception in many cases – i’m still a college kid don’t worry). i think the reasons to just get things done pretty early and this can actually apply to homework friends are pretty self explanatory. i suppose i’m saying this for myself and those that understand as i know numerous people who are really behind on easy things they could have done in five minutes but honestly it’s worth it
have enjoyed every minute of it.
she will accept combat instead against the thegn at the end of her road. he is a brute and a bandit also a wellknown rapist and a defiler of graves. he does not however attack people in meadhalls so that is where women shelter from him while he adulterates graves. she agrees to pay the price of their wounds if the players think to ask so long as they are victorious.
i have been interested in smart tv for a while now and i think it is an interesting area to look into. first of all because it is tv and despite what some people might think tv still drives an enormous part of how we consume content. secondly the integration between telly and the internet is likely to be a significant growth area for both consumer electronics firms and digital content providers.
just a funny little aside.... these photos are of the arrangements from the cake table....
she has six months before the everneath comes to claim her six months for goodbyes she cant find the words for six months to find redemption if it exists.
my heart beating
my academic history augured well for me careerwise in the end i ended up nowhere special and that in part seems to have been about total bemusement with the language of the gender i’d been assigned to. always on the outside paddling desperately to look as though i’d fitted.
i also showed the student editors some national tools that provide census data down to the local level. american factfinder is my favorite of these; it will give you census data at the state county town and even neighborhood level. one interesting piece of comparative data is the number of people using public transportation to get to work in carrboro in indicated they did so or .% of the population; in durham in did so or .% of the population.
* met up with my senior again & this time my wonderful friend chasity got to come with me & assist. we got some great pictures & just had a fantastic time. i just love getting to talk to new people hear their stories get to capture a time of their life for them.
russian is a lovely language. it looks beautiful it sounds beautiful. my father while born in great britain was the son of russian immigrants.
well i mean you just have to laugh
and into that pot we can add communism built on the ideal of supposed egalitarianism. it resulted in genocide economic failure and environmental social and spiritual devastation.
. something is missing (christiansen) 
has gone by this year.
on monday you saw an article by thomas anderson discussing the student loan debate or more precisely the debate about the student loan debate. one thing throughout all of this that seems to be ignored is that the cost of going to college has increased dramatically. in the years since i graduated college my alma mater has almost doubled tuition (around $ to now $+). in that time inflation has increased only %. that means that tuition in costs adjusted for today’s inflation would be just under $. that is only a $ increase…not the $ increase you see above. remember this does not even factor in the cost of student housing or books which can fluctuate for each student but do factor into the overall amount a student takes out for a loan.
ilri asia based on your extensive experience in the agriculturalresearch sector in india what do you see as being the major breakthroughs in recent times and also – where do you see the sector heading?
check out the new goodies here
by february ~ somehow ~ the cavalry in the form of an epiphany showed up. the cavalry arrested my ego and reminded me that i was no montessori teacher. i was an unschooler for heavens sake i was liams mom and i was losing him. his spirit was being squashed and the only one in the world who could rescue him was me and there was not one second to waste. so i did my first brave act ~ probably the first in my whole life. i called my friend (whos house we had by the way just purchased about a month earlier) and told her that i had negligently abandoned my role as liams partner. i told her that my life is not about me so much as it is about him and that because i had made the conscious choice to invite liam to be my son my commitment was to his goal sheet not mine. in fact his goal sheet was my goal sheet. i had had years before he came along to work on my goal sheet. since he was glorious enough to give me the opportunity to be his mom was i now going to abandon this incredible individual by switching paths? no way of course my friend didnt like it. we argued for about two hours on the phone (not my style at all) and in the end went our separate ways. i did not care. when it came down to choosing between my friendship with this sweet person or the well being of my son there was no contest. when it came down to choosing between my ego or the well being of my son a much more subtle choice again there would be no contest.
ok. i think its nap time for me. our neighbor has started watching allie once a week for a couple of hours and today ive chosen to use the time to hang out at home and do things for me. sleep is sounding pretty good
that errant next line forking
i have the standard complaints about the rubberised packaging but i dont think nars will change it anytime soon. mine looked mucky the very first time i touched it and ive given up trying to keep it neat and tidy.
christian"how are you here?"
as i opened the door to my house i was greeted by hubby smiling warmly at me.
greggin stouthart walked into the library. he’d checked every tavern pub and watering hole along his route to the guild hall. he was an orderly man. elderly firm and distinguished by his intense bushy brow and beard thin lips and fiery demeanor. mr. stouthart was in fact searching for ishcandar his wild and wayward student. mr. stouthart had been ischcandar’s tutor since he was young and so he knew the lad quite well. “he’s a good upstanding hobbit at heart… deep deep deep deep down somewhere inside” he used to think to himself. yet the idea that ishcandar had landed up on a bar stool was all too familiar a one. having not found him in such a wise was in fact a bit of a surprise to him.
called mama was alive. i would tell her that i love her and that i’ll never forget
quite a few bears favoured this technique and they appeared to just be sitting there but they must have been doing something under the water to locate the fish since everysooften a head would dive under the water and a salmon would be caught........
i grew more than i expected over the course of the program. there were moments when i hated it and many moments where i was burned out and thought about quitting. there were many other moments when i realized what i was doing and realized what incredible potential there was for personal growth and later helping people grow…and then i liked it again. i found the program to be immensely useful and practical; i come away with many good counseling tools.
two collaborations with trickythe sensuous toneandtexture poem "headphones" and the shatteringly intense "enjoy" were recorded in the totally untropical climate of iceland. "they were like rough demos" says tricky who later dated bjork. "i kept waiting for her to say lets take them to an expensive studio. but bjork had the courage to release the songs as they were and that still shocks me. she aint scared of nothing." of their first meeting tricky says "i fancied her straight away. the idea of us collaborating as artists wasnt even discussed it was sort of already known. i thought she was mad cute but didnt think anything would come of itit was like she was on a different planet to me a superstar."
i write
berstell g. and nitterhouse d. (). asking all the right questions exploring customer purchase stories can yield surprising insights. marketing research () p. – .
our children are growing up in a selfish world where they need to be entertained every second. relationships tend to get lost in the pace of their (our) lives. i am trying in small ways surely to teach them that its not about them. it is not an easy thing to do but i hope today it opened up a little window for them to see what they are missing right in front of them.
once you let vampires go play in the sunlight it kind of ruins a lot of what makes them spooky. they don’t have to hide out in underground crypts. no they can live in fabulous mountaintop mansions. they can hold jobs go to school fall in love get married. they don’t have to hunt at night. they might do it anyway because it is easier but it’s not imperative.
.iron cross "live for now"
riley okay its really important that you shut up until further notice.
alas difficulties loomed for starters she slept with this one guy. however she told me he meant nothing to her and would probably break up with him soon as she got the air conditioning drivers side power window and cd player fixed on her buick enclave and so wouldnt have to borrow his mustang all the time. that filled me with hope. she then revealed that she had a twoyear old daughter. i asked if the guy she slept with was the father. she said she didnt think so. i was naturally relieved to hear that. still if me and sonya were to get married it would mean i would have to raise the daughter as my own. would i be up to the challenges of parenthood? i needed to know the answer.
i know that all the groups of people i’ve ever been in have taught me what was cool or what was interesting or how to act or laugh or react to failure or accomplishment. i’m proudly the product of all the people i’ve ever known.
warping is how live stretches or "pitches" the music to match the current tempo of the live set. when your music is properly warped there is no longer any need to worry about tempo. with properly warped songs you can simply drag any number of them into live and they will all be automatically beatmatched. warp an entire song by following these steps
as i mentioned earlier the store seemed way overstaffed. usually you’re lucky to find three people working in the entire site — one at the register one outside on a smoke break and one lying mortally wounded after the latest robbery attempt. to see a dozen workers hustling behind the counter was totally foreign especially since they were now wearing orange vests instead of the customary red polo shirts of petro. finally one of the ladies broke loose from the pack and prepared to serve us.
dont ask me how i know.
sometimes some of my friend’s dads would playfully rib freddie about the fact that he seemed to be blissfully unemployed. especially my friend robert’s dad bob brennan.
.green chillied chilli powder choppedtsp
@paulrevere this twitter feed is run by the paul revere’s house organization. it has “revere” updating about what happened in his life on particular days. it does not follow a particular timeline but during the battle of bunker hill on patriotcast he made a first hand mention of the battle down to the correct minute. it was very cool to read.
gale hansen
i simply will not say what i feel about the rbs after seeing my husband try to do the best damn job possible for the last few years.
apologies for the messy palette i use it a lot
in short instead of stating what cannot be believed concerning the gospel accounts skeptics would do well to concentrate on what they admit to be known about the texts.
in the meantime thank heavens for books and reading. at least in the small hours when everyone else is asleep theres something rewarding to do.
i stood spying on proceedings from my front room upstairs. party time stood at the front door his muscular arms folded machoesque across his big barrel chest. even from upstairs i could sense the crackling in the air his fly mind processing imminent aversion tactics.
anyways i want you all to check out this video i posted below. i recently shared that i saw the movie “think like a man.” i only talked about the fashion aspect but i did have my opinion of the movie my pastor made a video for women titled “think like a christian man” i think you’ll enjoy it check it out
id like to give the builders and the electrical and all the men that have been working on the gallery a big thumbs up youve done such a good job it doesnt look like the same place. i wish id taken some more before photos but never mind youll have to use your imagination. the transformation of the space is amazing before it was one room with rotting floorboards & joists anaglypta wallpaper french doors boarded up rotting window frames.. all the usual prerenovation features or failures and now well now its a lovely modern & dare i say sophisticated space perfect for showing works of art.
by which i mean we should means testing medicare
we retain the doctorrecommended movicol and last used it two weeks ago. im not averse to using it when needs dictate. its hard to maintain the volume of superfood on days when we are busy or he is not %.
) click design under your blog
i am currently obsessed with finding an entry table for a big blank wall we have near our front door. it needs something and i have faith that that something is going to be a table like this one which i found on the meijer website (must have drawers).
played air guitar on stage with jethro tull.
dad went for a walk around when we got there and mum and i got the boys into their swimmers. then jordy was straight in the river and wanting to go floating off downstream. mum had darcy and i was still getting ready to get in and jordy is off little bugger. i was a bit worried about him going over the edge of the waterfall but i met him down the end and he kicked over to me. not that it was a big waterfall he would not have been hurt if he went over but he might have scared himself.
i don’t know…maybe nobody else feels like this about indie publishing. but this is sort of where i think i am with it. it’s wonderful on so many levels – but its big flaw i think is that it’s just too easy. too easy to implement…too easy to mess up…too easy to get discouraged (because your frame of reference when you’re solo is really quite small). too easy essentially to jump in when you’re green and flounder around…because you’re green.
sure obama’s ivy league proud and brave but godfather’s pizza’s the flag i proudly wave
looking forward to having to push the gas pedal in my car barefooted.
opening the door and being greeted by bug holding a bouquet of flowers for me on the day of my biopsy. apparently he told everyone at the shop that the flowers were "for my mommy because she got a shot."
but it’s not. most school chicken nuggets have at least a zillion ingredients. okay i exaggerate. maybe they have thirtyfive. modified corn starch soy beef extract and maltodextrin – among other things – are not something i’d want any human to have in moderation. the same goes for cupcakes. i’m not against cake and i’m not against most traditions. just the last two weekends i let my son sing happy birthday and consume cake. but it was my choice. i was there to be his “judgment” and he ate confections. but i also know he’s not likely to eat cake for another whole year. the birthdays for the february babies from my mommy groups are all done and so is the cake. i don’t have to worry about every neighborhood parent running down to the local grocery and bringing a sugar corn syrup and white flour treat right to his preschool desk.
. ditched school to do something more fun? no. i was a square. no sneaking no ditching. i enjoyed the social aspects of school too much to want to ditch it.
there was a problem though in that when they were attempting to insert a guide wirething into her esophagus they popped a hole in her larynx. so they had to take out all their guides and scopes and instruments while the doctor consulted with another laparoscopic doctor and an ent to decide if this was a big deal. apparently it should heal on its own provided there isnt any infection so they just sewed up the hole put everything back in and finished the operation; hence five and a half hour surgery.
this took me a long time to figure out because my family is not like that. no in my family we are serious when we say stuff like that. we are honest. and rude. the rudeness is the downside the upside is you always know if you are supposed to bring a gift or not.
would those seminarians who had just rehearsed a sermon on the good samaritan be more likely to stop and help the man in need? no.
this is an important distinction. where early web technologies enabled people to communicate primarily with friends and family today’s networks encourage discovery and new relationships. twitter for instance helps people find others who share their interests and begin conversations with them. by using hashtags twitter’s simple indexing tool college students can connect with thought leaders and fellow students expanding their intellectual circles beyond the reach of their classrooms and campuses.
sew the strap onto the right side of the body. make sure it lines with the other side of velcro.
light that comes straight from the side is known as split lighting. the dividing line or terminator between light and shadow runs right along the center line of the face.
according to the brooklyn eagle the architect in charge of the demolition walter c. maffei said that the mosaic was scrapped "for safety reasons."
one of the main reason’s i majored in conflict resolution is for the sole reason of eritrea and ethiopia’s constant conflict. it seems as though just when things have calmed down the drama between the two country starts up again.
well this one’s for everyone who’s felt invisible
in the meantime doesken encourages volunteers who observe large hail in colorado to first report to the national weather service or to local law enforcement agencies. the national weather service can convey reports of damaging hail to a wider audience through national weather service alerts. largehail reports provide valuable ground truth which will be helpful for issuance of additional warnings.
i will be making a few small gifts before my daughters wedding in july. i saw this idea at the purl bee and knew that i would have to make these for her friends. yes sachets are a bit old fashion but they are a wonderful way to keep your linen drawers and clothes smelling fresh
. subsonic jet emmissions report epa par final report ” evaluation of air pollutant emissions from subsonic commercial jet air craft ” u.s. environmental protection agency april . agriculture public health & aircraft emmissions. ( i am upgrading their name to the non environmental protection agency and the corporate protection agency).
to be in with a chance of winning the prize this week you will need to upload your card using inlinkz.com by pm gmt on wednesday th october .
the obama administration appears to be preparing for a long drawn out war in the middle east or at the very least an expected crisis that will require the need to override constitutional authority and claim dominion over all resources in the united states under the guise of national defense. with the rise in disaster preparedness growing for both individuals and states leading up to yesterdays executive order the mood of the nation points strongly towards some event or disaster that will require massive preparations on a national as well as local scale.
“pardon me but you’ve been talking as if the hobbits are in some kind of danger” said star of justice. “and yet now you say that they went to this place voluntarily. are you saying that they may not be in danger after all?”
when you arrive home after a day of worka round of errandstc you collect everything that isn’t one of those permanent car items and take it inside with you. it doesn’t matter if it’s an extra toy a wad of trash a halfdrunk can of pepsi. take it in with you.
good thinking
alton higgins
i close my eyes unable to take it anymore; i can’t see this but more so i don’t want to know what comes next.
absolutely genius. action packed thoughtprovoking touching.
gethsemane some years ago. a man of mature faith and strong intellect “jeff”
ive been waiting for whit stillmans new movie damsels in distress for a long time and i finally saw it this past weekend. i had mixed feelings about it. i was excited that one of my favorite directors had ended his year hiatus to make a film and that said film was about preppy northeastern liberal art school campus life (oh golly) though i was disappointed with its grating often ridiculous plot points (the frat boys dont know the colors?) all of the characters besides violet (portrayed by greta gerwig) are flat and annoying. the main character herself lily (unfortunately played by a breathy overly childlike analeigh tipton) isnt even funny. not even accidentally so. it seems all of the hilarious satire was given to violet which is a shame seeing as how stillman has delivered awesome ensemble cast movies where every single character shines in their own disillusioned sense of pretension. i want more clueless intellectuals is that too much to ask for? or maybe i really just wanted chris eigeman to be in the movie.
i turned my attention after that to cleaning and finishing touches in our home.
did you notice the killer death grip she had on that bag of chips? she carried that bag around for the whole hours we were there. to quote joey from friends "ellie doesnt share food"
the fact was that my students were getting the standard of lecture alan would have given to any audience in any place anywhere in the world where he could safely assume that his listeners were intelligent but not necessarily well informed. i did not care that there were people in my class not up to it. the best of my students were getting an experience they could expect to have in a lecture hall at cambridge or oxford and that was what really mattered.
many zoologists would also make the point – often very strenuously whilst backing away out of range – that it is very unwise to attempt a threepointturn will a gorilla especially the dominant silverback.
your flowing strength
‘i’d like to do it but i just don’t see it happening right now’ she said. ‘most of my friends say it’s just a piece of paper and it doesn’t work out anyway.’
i also made a new icecream. i have been experimenting and i think i have the texture perfect now this one was
you all knew this was coming. fnl may now be over for good but it is one show that will stay with me forever. in its final season we see coach taylor arguably the most honorable character ever and tami taylor try to fix all the problems the young people of dillon tx have. the taylor’s relationship remains the greatest marriage to ever be portrayed in fiction — in probably any medium actually — as the writers prove that you don’t have to have a bunch of relationship drama and nonsense to make a relationship compelling to watch. the final season of friday night lights marked the end of the time we will spend in dillon but we will remember the people forever. when coach taylor stands before his new team and says his trademark “clear eyes full hearts can’t lose” speech to his young confused players i sat at the edge of my seat as the alltoofamiliar powerful words once again brought tears to my eyes as the lights went out for the last time. goodbye to the show that taught me more life lessons than my actual life did and goodbye to the show that i was able to relate to the most. i will miss you most of all. once more with feeling “clear eyes. full hearts. can’t lose.”
admittedly one of the big draws for me was the quintessential standard american diet (sad) food that was available in almost every conceivable form. in many ways disney set the sad standard with its offerings a supreme offering standard american diet (sosad) if you will.
also seen in this after photo you get a sneak peek of the new floors here in the after shot. more to come on that later
talented jennifer mcguire made a card set called "his and her" card set. a masculine and feminine card using the same supplies. i love this genius idea and want to give it a try. i happen to need some birthday cards for kids. well mine is kind of "cheating" i think since they are for boys and girls.
anyway what has impressed me the most since i have stopped using conditioner is my hair actually isn’t as dry as it used to be and also i don’t need to wash it as often. it definitely holds volume better and i’m brushing my hair much more carefully as i don’t want to damage it by pulling out the knots so overall there is less breakage. for fear of causing any longterm damage i’m currently using kerastase nutritive batin satin shampoo which seems to help with the knots and smells divine.
drag
she was funny and kind and it’s hard to accept
today i am focused on the grocery list however and getting some food into the house for us to eat over then next five weeksthats all we have until closing it will be tricky to find the balance between having enough and none left over to move but i am sure i can rise to the occasion. )
however he did also admit that greece’s debt is % of gdp that the interest rate it pays on its borrowings is up to % and that it is suffering % negative growth.
‘workshop – creativity and creative problem solving’ david hall
if you are interested in learning about how a water tower works check out this article i found.
editor’s note steven cenname is a year old salisbury university student majoring in environmental studies and political science. he is also a musician and has a minor in music. he describes himself as a “social progressive” and believes that rep. andy harris has failed to provide any benefit to the eastern shore constituency he is supposed to represent.
speaking shortly after the state opening of parliament mr llwyd said
jumper h&m shirt gharani strok via t.k.maxx skirt charity shop (originally topshop) ring topshop shoes primark nails forever with barry m blueberry.
“totally need to orjizzism”
. on national radio for the first time bbc radio ’s the verb. a short story was commissioned recorded by a gorgeous welsh voice and there was studio discussion.
as messi has just broken barca’s record we face many well known questions again. can messi be the top goal scorer of all time? is he the best who ever lived? what will he do next? only time will tell and only you can decide whether he is or isn’t the greatest footballer on the planet and whether he is the greatest footballer of all time.
i’m filling in for the pearl girls blog this week. margaret is off to the republican national convention so i thought now would be a great time to talk about first ladies and pearls.
last month a handful of
craigslist is acting like a pimp. they provide the customers and the clients and no one within the company is held to a higher standard. this needs to change. what other social networking site is known for having a killer attached to it?
“i am the dark one someone who strikes fear into the hearts of any who even hear of my name. mal’haran is my name nnot algaisia” he yelled raising his voice. the enigmatic voice knew his weakness and he was showing it willingly or not. fury seethed within him yet at the same time there was a fear interlaced with it which only made him angrier.
“kinda hot in a ditzy sort of way” connor offered admiringly. “for a sophomore anyway. you gonna ask her out?”
moving on.
since of my friends are pregnant i figure theres a chance ill need a baby boy card pretty soon
rice if you dont know the rule of thumb of rice its simple. one cup of water cup of rice. bring water to a boil turn heat down and add rice. cook for about minutes with lid on. i add frozen peas and corn to steaming rice once its cooked and close the lid.
i know theyd love to hear from you so please visit their blogs and share in their excitement.
the naacp released a statement late monday condemning sherrods admission.
and for beginners...
* the time the snarky senior in the ap english class asked if i wouldn’t mind discussing “real” literature.
wed unearthed a stash of porn mags.
if there is anyone out there who is having a fabulous and fascinating winter of would they please keep it to themselves. if kabuki sees any overthetop celebratory individuals kabuki will just snap. it is true that misery loves company. and nothing helps a bad mood like sharing it with others. see. kabuki feels better already. and apologizes for wasting your time with this go nowhere blog entry. kabuki will cook up something really good for next time. think unfound rumors and distasteful innuendos because that is where kabuki shines. and we all need to shine sometimes.
where full of grace the wings do glide upon the wind that sweeps the sea.
too broken to move on
news conference to be held at the renaissance hotel.
your selfproclaimed hilarious webmistress
c mommy why is your hair so curly?
then theres the more challenging patterns where i can plant my behind on the lounge sans children and strain the few brain cells that havent become null and void due to firstly pregnancy then breastfeeding and broken sleep (i really cant complain as the little man has slept through from pm to around am the last few nights bless). you tube has become a dear acquaintance of mine on this knitting journey. i especially love this ladys simple tutorials.
it was at least thirtyfive years in the making
i’ve heard this verse many times. one of those verses that turns into a cliché in your head and loses its true meaning in your life. until i needed it. god has been speaking to me through scripture about this truth over and over again in different contexts. whenever i am tempted to believe that happiness would come from having more things more money or even more money to give god reminds me that there is actually no difference at all between those who have more and those who have less. no matter how much you have or don’t have it’s godliness combined with contentment that makes you wealthy.
catzilla a badly behaved or downright evil cat which causes embarrassment destruction pain or even death. (the uncanny team america inferno lady and the tramp hausu eye of the cat the incredible shrinking man cats & dogs cats & dogs the revenge of kitty galore stuart little pet semetary the sentinel)
at easter it is always so hard for me to choose what to post because there are so many wonderful songs about the incredible sacrifice christ made on our behalf. this is another song from last nights service that i hadnt heard in awhile.
during the procedure up her nose maddy started to bleed.
betty smirked “a real man go on letizia”
i was nearly dying at this point im just not a wavemaker in life but i wouldnt be able to get over it if i didnt do something. i walked the supervisor through the conversation (and felt so stupid when i cried after telling him the final comment and how i thought that it was cruel) and told him that i respect their jobs and know that sometimes people have bad days and make mistakes but that this man had crossed the line too many times.
what this means is that when you get the little smiles and in the first few years there are limited social skills so these are genuine that they are underwritten with the emotional feelings. when you play a little game and your child makes you laugh it isn’t just a laugh it has the loving emotion attached with it.
“but false prophets also arose among the people just as there will be false teachers among you who will secretly bring in destructive heresies even denying the master who bought them bringing upon themselves swift destruction. and many will follow their sensuality and because of them the way of truth will be blasphemed. and in their greed they will exploit you with false words.” peter 
on thursday my husband came home late after a long and hard day. he was hungry bear and i was a tired bear. after comments about not loving my role as a short order cook he was fed. it was maintenance night but neither of us had our heads in the game. there really is no point when we are both cranky and unfocused so he postponed it to friday and we crashed instead.
any other motivational books out there to listen to?
“if you had had enough you would have been throwing things.”
roscoe pond
her languid thought patterns erupted to full strength in a nanosecond. before any of the middle school crowd saw she kicked the slip under the bushes to her right hardly breaking stride. shed have to retrieve it much later after school when no one was around.
study during your convenient hours
you can use your kitchen equipment for soap making. make sure you clean it thoroughly when you finished.
most days i don’t miss the responsibility of management. occasionally though i sure wish i had the power to make some changes.
trumped the graceless promise of
sitting at the hospital for days
several preexisting conditions preclude the use of urine therapy. heavy smokers and people taking therapeutic or recreational drugs should not use their own urine. those suffering from bladder infections or venereal disease are also advised against ingesting their urine.
she enjoyed spending time with the little girl we met on monday night. shes also new and her name is elizabeth so teagan was excited to have a friend with a name matching mommys.
god has been since the beginning of time. jesus was with god. he was god. he is god. he never changes. god is the father the son and the holy spirit.
source advanced reading copy from my amazing sales rep nicole dufort
the entertainer or “idol”
this was taken on my diana f+ using the telephoto lens. i had the aperture set on the "cloudy" setting and the film is kodak ektachrome eg cross processed. this is the neg exactly as is and i really like the style and colours.
our visit with my brother rog was a bit bittersweet. he was visiting as hes moving...from japan...to germany. at least germany is closer than where hes been living for the past years but i still wish he was going to be closer the girls soaked up as much uncle rog time as the possibly could...he picked them up early from preschool during the week while he was here and they got to stay home with him for one whole day. they were in heaven and cant stop asking about him and when hes coming back. we dont know when well get to see him again but thanks to skype the girls can at least "see" him from time to time
valentines day was a monday and that gave the girls a chance to be nice and tired for their party. they had a great day though and they were so excited to get to come home and eat some candy. there is not a lack of that around here.
i did a ton of cooking over the weekend. after reading this post from contempopaleo i was pretty inspired to make some pulled pork so we’d have some easy readytoeat meals during the week. here’s my start
webmasters note if i remember where i find these pictures i will give you credit. if they’re yours let me know and i’ll make sure i credit you for them.
fellow beer blogger mudge has a theme to his blog and arguably articulates his views in more adult and less puerile manner than myself and that theme is clearly the smoking ban. i don’t wish to alter the theme of this blog nor intrude on another’s but i occasionally find myself in agreement occasionally in disagreement with dear old mudge.
one of the things that appealed to me most with this book was the combination of magic and nature. sure there was plenty of magic and curses and invisibility caps going on but there were also poisons made solely with herbs antidotes and practical remedies. reveka spent the entire book relying on her knowhow and not some magical solution to her problems.
so here is my question if i were to put up solid perfume lockets very similar to this one would you buy it? or would you at least consider buying it? i have several scents i would offer including
despite all that we launched on time and all seems to have gone well if you are interested in how the show went you can read my report on the fibis website which includes photographs and a video interview with myself.
may lisbon portugal – rock in rio lisboa (review by ascensofb)
hey lgd crew
and of course madonna shook more than just her pelvis any time she was on stage. she often mimicked the complete sex act. in fact she came out with an entire book filled with explicit photographs of her in various stages of undress and in very suggestive and sexually provocative poses. and what about janet jackson and the infamous "wardrobe malfunction?"
accessories prismacolor pencils pale sage old olive crimson red pink rose kelp green le plume marker english red mineral spirits fanciful flourish die (cheery lynn designs) fleur de lis squares labels (spellbinders) pearl cotton thread sewing needle adhesive pearls & flowers(recollections) lace (really reasonable ribbon & sabrinas rak) netting (joanns) charmineads (sabrinas rak) sponge.
sugar is hiding in most of your foods including baby food tomato sauce canned vegetables and peanut butter. get into a habit of reading labels.
that miscarriage was one of the most difficult things ive ever been through. as i read that entry while sitting on the couch this morning i looked at my beautiful babies who are so uniquely wonderful and thought "wow what a plan he had. thank you lord for your blessings."
this weekend my oldest son charlie is having his first communion. i wanted to make a couple cards to give to his teachers to thank them for all their hard work.
one hundred and seventeen () or % of the wingfield population were women workers aged years. the majority of women were bred in the caribbean the exceptions were seven; maria years judy years lucinda years; and fanny years who were born in the african congo whereas nana years; abigail years; grace years who were born in iboland. six women were categorised as ‘mixed race’ such as charlotte years house servant and betto douglas ( years taking care of her two children – betto’s story is told in schs gazette ). none of the mixed race women worked in the field they worked as seamstresses () maria dunbar and betsey moss; house servant () and taking care of her children ().
* i agree with bob black’s essay the abolition of work that all ideologies (whether marxist liberal or conservative etc) seem conservative to the extent that they believe in maximising employment.
put the yolks and sugar in a larger bowl and using your whisk blend together but not until they are pale and thick.
heart jumping lungs aching
imo state. the second leg of
maureen kao a.k.a. lil mint mocha
"well at the rate youre going mukhang wala ng matitira sa akin"
were gonna have fun.
ralph salmins (drums)
so even though this is the very poor evidence that hyrum was student of the month....we were there and i dont have to feel like the lamest mom ever because i always miss these
this compilation also includes some lines of ecological verse such as this bit from ben jonson
twisting in sumptuous hands
also speaking at the event was deputy vicechancellor professor crain soudien who said uct should be especially outraged because the tragedy touches on questions which are at the heart of the university.
emily and i had the great honor of "experiencing" the intricate behindthescenes workings of caring for multiplesquadruplets to be exact in addition to a new born baby
thank the person who gave you this award.
so if i think it is in your interests to look at emigration because it might improve your chances of living to be an old coffin dodger believe me i will try and convince you to do it.
viewers have complained to the bbc after the outspoken presenter made a series of controversial remarks about the countrys clothing trains food and history. at one point clarkson appeared to make light of the lack of sanitation for poor residents by driving around slums in a jaguar fitted with a toilet. and? its not the wittiest way of making the point but unless its actually wrong and indian slums typically have indoor plumbing piped water supplies and sewers now i dont see the problem. these people are dreadfully poor and literally dont have a pot to piss in. im not saying that clarkson was subtly highlighting the issue of indian poverty but its not as if he was saying something that isnt true. even if he was the appropriate response is rebuttal not howls of righteous outrage and the usual demand to have him sacked and flogged with broken glass.
well i don’t i don’t think it’s come to that. he’s he’s giving an account of himself as we are speaking right now. i haven’t been able to see that. let’s let chilcot do his work and do his report and then i think we can make more of a judgment.
now as annoying as my green line train can be im very lucky that my transit pass is only $onth and i wont be affected by the limit decrease. at least it seems that way from the outset. but maybe some of my neighbors in needham wanting to avoid that extra bit of taxation will switch and start taking the green line too since their monthly commuter rail pass is $onth. or maybe some friends in framingham will start driving to riverside to escape their $onth pass. hey lets throw in some extra passengers from fitchburg or worcester too with their $onth fee. suddenly my already overcapacity train is feeling even more crowded. (oh and the mbta is planning to and should increase its rates this summer right?)
saute the onion and celery in the butter in a sauce pan until tender. add the cans of vegetables. season the soup with a teaspoon of sugar and half a teaspoon each of nutmeg salt and pepper. simmer around minutes.
when the chance came for a quick escape even for an hour i took it mitch and the kids were looked after by family & my brain needed respite for what was to come next...
the last and cutest way to promote an album so here i am sharing with people everyone check out reborn part by brain joo. i promise you will thank me.
roasted herbed stuffed trout
there is a beauty to the landscape of nebraska that is like the character of its people—not showy or pretentious but honest and deeprooted. the land changes with the seasons and the years. it is a show shared by nature and man. crops are planted grow and harvested. fields are fallow then planted. crops rotate in sequence and then the field lies fallow again. time is orderly here.
night is falling on our enchanted realm
nyit faculty from the center for global health will discuss their work in underdeveloped countries. nyit alumni and ceo of empower david shieren (m.s. ’) will participate in a panel discussion on wind and photovoltaic power. other participants include hollis stone an expert in emergency power and water systems and nyit faculty members farzana gandhi jason van nest and michelle bertomen designers of water bottle roofing system.
all their instructors are certified by the international bodyflight association and ifly periodically organizes training camps and arrange for coaching by world champions to constantly upkeep and improve the standards of the instructors so you can be assured of a safe flight and that you are being taught in the best way for efficient learning~
relaxing the body and mind are important components of martial arts training. what advice would you give a new student who is tense and needs to relax their movements? how did you learn to relax?
now on my way home. feel hungry tired and bored. allergy has started to be annoying but not too bad.
. cincinnati bengals cb alfonso dennard (neb) the bengals were a big surprise this year with andy dalton and aj green teaming up. they have an up and coming defensive unit and could use a little help on the tail end of it.
today after one of my trips from the couch to the bathroom i made my bed. i felt empowered i felt in control its amazing how something so simple can make a girl feel so happy dont you all go worrying now. i came straight back to the couch ) its all going to be about baby steps but i know i will feel better if i take back a little control of my life...in whatever form i can.
if youve been following these posts from the beginning youll be aware that i took photos during the invasion and the period immediately after. these photos were widely exhibited during the s but have sat gathering dust in a portfolio since then.
this is based upon what i have given to society to date.
here are pictures of carols demo on friday.
happy birthday to you
sara is her name.
charles sieger half of the miami architectural firm sieger suarez made a name by designing and building creative highrise residential and commercial buildings. but when it came to designing his own home sieger instead drew his inspiration from the french and british chateaus (hence the home’s name) medieval castles and manor houses.
crafty hugs to you all and thank you for reading.
the next case discussed was case c scarlet v sabam in which the court of justice had to consider the validity of a belgian court order that an isp monitor the content of sites it hosted in order to determine whether filesharing infringed copyright or not. there were also some nonip arguments here relating to the freedom of businesses to conduct their business and to data protection. the court of justice had no doubt that the belgian order had gone too far as its ruling makes plain. but how far does this ruling affect the pending judicial review of the digital economy act? we shall soon find out.
so here’s the radical thought to sit with for a second the earth produces food without the help of human beings. some of the plants that we consider a nuisance and call weeds are actually edible. before you start foraging for dinner among your local neighborhood make sure you get educated. back in the day it was common knowledge what to eat and what not to eat. we have lost that common knowledge and now must rely on field guides and experts to learn what we can forage in our local bioregion. this fact that the earth supports all of the life on it without the help of human beings is the central idea of the sabbath practices which culminate in this yearlong practice of cultivating the mindfulness of our place within the creation that sustains us.
a year later i am amazed how far blh has come. without you followers blh wouldnt be what it is today i want to say a big thank you to all my fellow bloggers followers and authors i have worked with. all the support has been phenomenal. i would like to give a special shout out to kelly who was a big help and we now welcomed linda. i hope we can continue to have as much fun this next year as we did this year.
“i have to get out of here” xu guan breathed as he fought dizziness and nausea.
thanks for all of your support
maybe you really believe that it never will or that there still will be enough leafy glades and white avenue ghettos to outlast your grandchildren provided that is they can cope with the commute.
the where of nothingness just overflowing compassion
but in the world as most of us encounter it how much choice do we actually have about the beneficial results of our livelihood? in modern western society conditions are such that we can usually avoid work that is dishonest and overtly harmful. still how many people are ever offered work that is unquestionably beneficial and hurts no one? with the best will can we actually follow a livelihood that is "right" in every sense? do we have a moral right to impoverish others who depend on us spouses children aged parents so we can congratulate ourselves on our right livelihood?
as discussed in my “march new album leak reviews” post from the week before last as well as in a couple of my recent youtube videos i am completely obsessed with “the hunger games” – the book series the film and the film’s soundtrack have all been a heavy influence on me here recently. i absolutely loved the books and have seen the film in the theater twice already. i have also been playing the soundtrack like crazy here lately. it got me thinking about other film soundtracks that have impacted me over the years so i thought it would be fun to do a post on some of my favorite songs from film soundtracks over the years. i decided it would be a good idea to focus on films from the s as this is the time that i remember the most films from and in a lot of ways the period in which i have had the most musical experience… well kind of. to be frank as i was sitting here thinking about music from different films that have impacted me everything that i came up with for the most part was from that period. so that having been said let’s get right to it.
. its cold outside
but being the aspiring diyer that i am i decided to create a custom lap desk designed just for me my ideal set up? i like to keep it simple with my computer on my lap and my notebook within reach (im a constant note taker and need to jot ideas down so i dont forget them). this is what i came up with
these "look something wacky now buy our shit" commercials are popping up with more and more frequency all over the television dial. (if youre under ask your parents. tvs used to have dials. later when they inevitably broke off tvs had needlenose pliers on top of them.) theyre spreading like a rash across the supple rosyhued flesh of prime time and there is no salve balm or unguent in sight.
) sewing machine operator
of course i couldnt keep her in the house. justjenn popped her on the front seat of her minivan and drove through the starbucks drivethru. the staff cracked up. im still sleeping with the lights on.
there is a great balance between what andy figures out on his own and what needs to be explained to him. andy for example sees his vietnamese relatives (and other vietnamese) as greedy and rude demanding and expecting money from his "rich australian" father. andy knows his father is a gardener that both of his parents fret over bills. yes they have a house a car andy and his sister mai go to school but they arent rich how did his father afford this trip all the presents? and then andy discovers that for years his father has been sending money back home to his family. even though the family owns a successful restaurant
so as i already said before i looove vintage and it feels so great when you find something that is beautiful and cheap vintage bags are double the fun..they are real leather they are stylish and cheap here are my two very different style vintage bags..
from our experience and from the literature of our profession it is apparent that hospitals colleges and universities throughout north america have become more aware of the realities of the carparking problem through the past decade. they have realized that without definitive policies carparking demands can swell into enormous appetites for greensward conversion capital and operating funds and administration and policing attention....
sandra bullock was the most popular comparison in the early ’s but i hadn’t gotten that in a while. maybe she thought i was jennifer love hewitt. (anyone who has ever seen my chest knows that isn’t even a remote possibility.) still i was convinced that i had to look like someone famous.
“the allegation that i have forced my religion onto other people that i am some kind of religious maniac was made worse by the fact that they told me there was no need to understand what this is all about”
pets may thus be instrumental to our wellbeing because they give us a reason to come home someone to share love with and someone to have power over (though i’m sure any pet owner would readily admit that pets hold an amount of power over us as well).
the wood putty dries fast and sands easily so it wasn’t long before i attacked the split and the misalignment with coarse sandpaper. it’s not perfect but i was able to gnaw down the high side to disguise the mismatch.
although she is grateful that on week of chemo she still has her head full of beautiful blonde hair and i am grateful i still fit in my skinny jeans we both kind of want that outward visible sign that would alert people to why were so nauseated weak and cranky. though shell probably cry when she does lose her hair and ill look forlornly at my bikinis when i have a huge baby bump well have one advantage in that well have a badge to wear and a sign to others going through what we arehey lets talk babies im pregnant too or hey i know how you feel im also battling cancer. in one way its uncomfortable to have everyone know about your health issues but in another way it will be comforting to receive the support and kindness that people are generous enough to extend to both pregnant women and cancer patients.
the base is some gorgeous bazzill from their wedding collection it has a soft sheen like satin and has a very soft stripe through it. then i topped it with some silver card. i used some foam tape to pop the whole square layer on top of that a layer of sage shadow and some more bazzill from the wedding collection this time it still has that soft sheen but it is covered in embossed butterflies around this layer ive added some inch white grosgrain ribbon some sage satin ribbon and then this gorgeous sage and white rose braid that matched perfectly then i tied some white organza ribbon into a bow and added some silver cord and a white rose bud. the main panel i stamped using the just rite stampers the brayton font and the rectangular block in black ink. the & is from sus together forever set and stamped in sage shadow. (thanks heaps to my bff edna who let me borrow her set) it was cut out using the label nestabilities dies and then it was glued to some sage shadow card and i hand cut a fine edge around it. finished off by adding some white kaisercraft pearls to the corner
devon wants hogan to say that he agrees with everything hogan had said. he wants to put the title on the line against anyone. hogan issues that every week the television title will be put on the line and are defended every week starting this week.
your alabaster body is the delight by which i feed
weekend of coachella was this past weekend. youtube has some highlights here plus there is probably a bunch of fanshot footage. they will stream next week just like they did this week. it’s like being there but you don’t have to camp out.
bambi ii. pocahontas ii. the hunchback of notre dame ii. beauty and the beast the enchanted christmas. peter pan ii return to never land. the jungle book ii. cinderella ii and iii. the little mermaid ii and iii. the lion king and . what else do i have to tell you??
but then it started snowing. a lot. and where we come from that doesnt happen very often. or ever.
as new jersey.
you are not a serious person but you are a dangerous person. we do not misunderstand you.
i decided on a gadget to help people to be able to weed and do gardening on their knees. there are huge handles on the sides of this low stool so that i can lever myself up. it means i can now get up without great discomfort.
ill thank you if you stop hitting me now.
she walks away with her head held high
they’re called the galilean moons of course because galileo discovered them four hundred years ago when he pointed a small telescope at the sky. the sight shook up the world at that time most folks believed the earth was at the center of the universe and everything revolved around it. a bit conceited perhaps but darn watch the sky on any given night and it sure looks like we’re at the center of things but here comes professor galileo with his newfangled looking glass and he points it at the bright “wandering star” jupiter and what he sees is another world. not only is it another world but a world with four little worlds clearly whirling around it and of course he rushes right into print with this astounding discovery publishing his “sidereus nuncius” or “starry messenger” in march of . today many amateur astronomers enjoy studying details on this largest of planets. i love watching jupiter’s four brightest moons. here’s why
actually its none of the above the reason i know that winter is officially over here in paris and that summer is on its way is because the city is starting to fill with tourists.
carrie fisher and dan aykroyd were briefly engaged during the shoot for the film.
* most importantly if selected you can start creating for us straight away.
on floats the wind over the breast of the sea setting in toward land
my husband gave me that name ) because i love food so much just like her (julia child) and i love to make something new which i do not like to stick to traditional food. so why not try and put some different flavors together to give a new flavor which i can enjoy (not always ;) d but it is good to try) my husband is also like hers he always encourages me when it comes to my ambitions even when he is not interested in that thing i wish to do except for cooking it is within his circle of interests he is the one who is going to eat that food as he likes to put some of his cooking touches sometimes (they are usually such wonderful touches).
john miller was an english printer who immigrated to south carolina in . prior to arriving in the colonies john miller had created quite a reputation london as being a bit outspoken regarding many topics including the government and of course he supported a free press. he was brought to trial several times regarding items
a cool bluebased white will pull out the orange tones.
this has been an amazing journey for me i started the challenge way back on sept . we started with myself and three dt members. and it slowly grew into this beautiful creature of art inspiring art and i became known as "the etsyinspired girl." etsyinspired is truly like one of my babies ive nurtured it and watched it grow. ive made giant leaps and huge mistakes. and i poured my heart into in. every single person who has ever played this challenge is so very dear to me. i appreciate that you have taken the time out of your life to come let the shops weve chosen inspire you. etsyinspired was a dream come true for me on so many levels and i thank all my dt members etsy shops sponsors and players for coming with me on this journey.
. v. tristan und isolde i verses .
hence why i used to drive a truck.
handful chopped parsley
layer for the seasons
my sister came to stay with me once five years ago. i took her on a tour of my house because that is what my mother said i was supposed to do when someone came to my house for the first time. i showed her my living room because it was the first room. i couldn’t not show it to her because it’s the room the front door opens in to. as i took her through the house she saw all my labels. when we got to my bedroom she started laughing.
as my appetite is back we had a buffet dinner in holiday villa subang on saturday. i bought groupon vouchers for rm.
is going to grab him? really? — bewildered brooklynite
are you the sort of person who checks out other people’s bookshelves?
and so tula mirth has a treehouse bed. we built it in and it has survived a move and a large birthday party with boys leaping from its steps. i look at it and smile. it is good memories and i enjoy how everyone no matter how large wants to climb inside.
the most important part of writing is revising and it’s easier to revise if you have lots of editors working on your story. fortunately i have three. the two of them are split personalities of ja the editor—ja the debater and ja the artist.
as soon as its done kindly get back to me with the confirmation number and let me know if you are heading to the wu outlet now?i promise to refund back your cash as soon as am back home.please i dont want to make a scene of thisi want you to keep it that way and keep this to yourself.i will brief in full as soon as i get home..
i tense as his arms slip around my waist pulling me back to him. my body stirs at the feel of his warm and secure presence. i lift my head and peek over my shoulder at him.
his breaths linger dangerously in his chest
o.k now that they are all back in school i will be able to visit all of the wonderful blogs i follow again. yeah i cant wait.
now then let me get on to showin g off this darling outfit it fits great poses well and is just striking for spring casual chic at its finest its coldlogic
but this weekend it looks like the midge fly fishers will be back in the game. ruby midges camel midges harvester midges and wds will be worth carrying. and don’t forget a collection of anna k and tailwater soft hackles.
the doctor took off his stethoscope laid it on his desk and put his hands out in front of him not saying anything for several seconds. finally “look i can’t save this child. he’s going to die. he’s already in a severe state of dehydration.” he reached out to pinch the skin on gursel’s hand. it stayed pinched up in a single wrinkle. “see?” he asked this time his voice was gentle.
the book maven wishes all readers a happy and bookfilled year in 
the bersih rally for free and fair elections was “peaceful” and “festive” international observers said today adding that those who turned up were “challenging the shadow of fear.”
do you think he…
. blasphemous cremation
i have managed to finish the petals for the corsage im making and one of the leaves but the leaves are a bit more time consuming so it will be some time before i finish the corsage completely especially since working so many small stitches starts to hurt after an hour or so.
thursday may 
i think the combination of the good recipe the addition of sour cream to make it extra soft and me watching the oven like a hawk proved to be the best batch of my life. no joke.
this is a real problem – that a generation habitually breaks the law. if people see the law as something that doesn’t reflect the values by which they live their lives then the rule of law is fatally undermined. the rule of law sounds boring and kind of off putting but it’s called that because it’s the only alternative to the rule of tyrants. law is allowed to rule because it applies to everybody even leaders. it prevents the catastrophic establishment of privilege (which is just latin for private law) but it requires consent to work. by letting the law fall so out of step with what young people do in their daily lives and with how creative work is made legislators have started down a dangerous path that leads to very bad places and it needs fixing.
in the ashram
unfortunately nick interrupts monroe’s entertainment so he can learn about daemonfeuers. monroe also mentions that a grimm was found decapitated with the head still missing. reapers are rumored to be the executioner. fun times…..
so grab your copy of my stubborn heart and join becky on the evening of the may th for a chance to meet becky and make some new friends. (if you havent read the book dont let that stop you from coming)
the reader knowing his or her own experiences and knowing the covenant between writer and reader through a shared language knows not all is well and that she is not fine for whatever reason. although it seems romantic the act of writing is to some degree an act of exile because to write is to set aside time outside of society and to assert an interpretation. to communicate something. is writing therefore an antisocial act or an act of ego? if so then all writing is inherently political.
in a remote galaxy somewhere for a later viewing.
(pulls out cash)
summer share options we are offering dairy shares throughout the summer. the contract is attached and shares begin may and go through either august (for pc folks signing up again for fall block) or through october (for everyone else signing back up when the farmers market is over). we’re also planning to stock the store with veggies over the summer so please check in. please follow this link and let us know your level of interest so we know how best to serve you httpwww.surveymonkey.comvdhtx. we’ll also stay in touch throughout the summer and keep you updated on farmers market events csa store specials and local food tidbits; if you haven’t already be sure to “like” us on facebook (httpswww.facebook.comagesrescottfarmersmarketandcsa) follow our blog at httpprescottfmandcsa.wordpress.com or receive email updates at httpwww.prescottfarmersmarket.org
in the season it’s a hard to find suitable package as the hotels are already get booked. its very important to have a comfortable hotels per booked as the tour is not an easy one. its a long and also trekking tour. sometime its also heard that some of the hotels book your accommodation and give you confirmation but at the mean time when you reach to that hotel they refund your money and also tell you that your booking get canceled.
cotton fabric of your choice
actually these were horrible hair years for everyone. there is not a picture from this time period that i don’t look back on and laugh hysterically or cringe with the soulcrushing remnant pain of junior high.
thank you for showing your support by reading what is looking like being a very big blog.
matt leaned in and kissed her again. she kissed him back her fingers tangled in his curly hair.
jacques pauw adriaan basson and paddy harper city press
. what songs do you sing in the shower?
as she investigates the mysterious womans flaming suicide kim comes to the attention of bookseller fima who hopes to initiate kim into her cult. i much prefer this franchise when its lopping the heads offve nuns and pumping santa full of lead. fima woos kim by giving her free books and inviting her to sinister picnics in the park. the slow burning story isnt a particularly interesting one despite the best efforts of yuzna and howard. it has a creepy atmosphere and great background music and is recognisable as a yuzna film. its not alternately known as bugs for no reason with plenty of foul insects about to add to the unpleasant atmosphere. there are some genuinely horrible bits involving massive slimy bugs and clint howard in a clockwork orange style rape mask. a gloopy surreal nightmarish sequence in the middle of the movie actually manages to be the most creepy thing in the whole series.
heres something that might come as a shock to most of you possibly ;). of all my years of growing up ive never really eaten pumpkin and didnt quite like sage. however this changed when i ordered my very first pumpkin sage and feta pasta some months back at this quaint little bistro down town.
young adult books with angel themes have not been my best friends lately. whether because the plot is so predictable the characters are soulless the worlds uninventive and many other flaws—most of them all in one read. so unearthly was at the bottom of my reading list and when i finally started it the start was a bit bumpy. not only was it slow but the author did something i hate when writing in first person too many is and mes. after the first or so pages i realized that the author had a new take on angels and within a few chapters the bad first person eased up and i could sink into the book.
of students flood into college with the audacity of daring to dream big; the common mindset of most millennials as we were pumped full of airy ambitions that assured us that ‘we can do anything we put our minds too.’
the end of time (part of ). special episode .
russian hostility is unrelenting yet we should reward them by bringing them into a defense alliance that many former soviet colonies have joined because they want collective defense from russian efforts to regain territory they lost between and ?
then i just placed the pennyfarthing bicycle on top and thought id bling it up
the hustle and the bustle hit me
quicker.
we could care less as we stride lost in a unison kind of euphoria.
sent .. at . pm
 bleeker
whats amazing to me on apples itunes site as well as amazons is how comfortably traditionally pubbed books rub shoulders with the indies. at barnes and noble not so much.
“we call them dumb animals and so they are for they cannot tell us how they feel but they do not suffer less because they have no words.”
brett cross owen bullock; moshé liba; stephen oliver
living with spd requires love patience encouragement and a therapy plan in order to be successful. there isnt a day that goes by that i dont look at my daughter and wonder what her adult life will be like. will she be able to function in society without assistance? will others take advantage of her disabilities? being diagnosed with sensory perception disorder doesnt mean that you cant lead a normal and successful life. what it does mean is that you process things differently than others without this disorder. prognosis depends greatly on early intervention and when older being able to identify your triggers of stress and knowing what therapy works best for you to comfort that stress thus reducing symptoms. if you have the support of your family and friends and continue utilizing therapy spd can be managed effectively throughout your life.
i dont smoke anymore and i have been working a desk job for two years. i eat like a farm hand. i have gained about pounds.
the cops responding to an emergency call about armed robbers in the couples house in meyersdal alberton opened fire on the vehicle in which the husband and wife were travelling. the couple who are in their s were in the intensive care unit of albertons union hospital last night.
not only did i discover links to my pieces on wordpress on hundreds of different web pages but i also found that when i clicked those links i landed straight back on their pages and not my writings at all i decided i needed something more original that couldn’t be confused with anything or anyone else.
i hope you enjoyed seeing my capsule and reading the recap please let me know if you have any questions. thanks for reading if you made it this far
the master bath﻿ ﻿
mother priscilla are you going to blog about this? lol.
i can only hope he’s inching closer and closer to a start – if for the sole reason of getting either sweeney or byrd off the field.
there was still no "thank you" forthcoming. however what he said next made up for it because its made me smile every time i think about it for the past few days...
brusque and thrilling in hot needles
however i should point out that i’m no longer mad at captain jack. you see i later found out that disneyland went all donald trump on the jacks they employed in the park and fired them all in one fell swoop. (it was freaking mickey mouse mutiny savvy?) so why did disneyland send their jack sparrows sailing across the wellcharted waters of the unemployment office? hmm? simple. the wenches. the lasses. the yohohobags.
like any bride i wanted each object to have an importance and there have been happy coincidences along the way the s dress & jacket i chose for ensemble comes from lizbeth jeanne a dress shop in toledo ohio where i was born; the earrings i fell for at first sight are a vintage farrah fawcett design—a woman of strength and beauty. it was kismet to find an unused “orange blossoms” vintage wedding album from . we look forward to hand writing our story inside.
i was able to sample the viking pale ale and the festivus ale (paying homage to the costanza nonchristmas holiday in seinfeld) "its a festivus for the rest of us". both were pretty good choices on my part and i would love to stop back and tick off a few more for my beer list. my only concern about the beers is the number of beers on tap. while having a choice is a great thing my worry is that with so many beers to attend to does the quality suffer? i cant answer that question now because ive only had the to think about but it is a question that i will bring back with me on my next visit.
the rd international congress on early childhood education (icece )
things progressed quite quickly although this is mostly down to the weather being good for a change. the whole coop measures roughly feet by feet the roof slopes backwards from feet to about and a half feet and its about feet high i made it like this to allow some space underneath the coop this gives the chickens some extra room and allows for air to flow around the coop.
george will
overall it contained over words.
sitting on a bench addison listened to the phone ring the warm summer sun falling on her pale skin. the birds were singing and people were walking along the streets talking happily to each other.
doc "well everythings all ready."
when it snows everything becomes quiet. it muffles the chaotic sound of daytoday life.
so i jumped over to mamas like this morning then hopped over to the tribune article that you mentioned (can i count all of that jumping and hopping as exercise?)
 john if we confess our sins he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. if we say that we have not sinned we make him a liar and his word is not in us. my little children these things write i unto you that ye sin not. and if any man sin we have an advocate with the father jesus christ the righteous and he is the propitiation for our sins and not for ours only but also for the sins of the whole world. and hereby we do know that we know him if we keep his commandments. he that saith i know him and keepeth not his commandments is a liar and the truth is not in him. but whoso keepeth his word in him verily is the love of god perfected hereby know we that we are in him. he that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk even as he walked.
anyway theres a part in linchpin where he writes about how he gets so much done (a dozen books at last count) and he reveals his secret is doing just one thing at a time.
by all accounts ergo is a competent company that has fairly won the contract but i have a feeling in my waters that this procurement and the resulting it system will be a subject of interest at a future committee of public accounts hearing.
 variations
how do you keep parents informed on their childs progress? are you answering with progress reports report cards and parent conferences??
krishna said activity is certain whether of the limbs or involuntary processes or the mind. nature makes us act. karma tyaga – renunciation of all action is almost impossible. a person who internally controls his senses and acts in detached way he excels.
the neon judgement too cold to breathe (vive la fête remix)
and often is his gold complexion dimm’d;
so the rules are simple
comments this is probably a recipe which is more than years old. my grandaunt has been using this recipe since a long long time ago and you can probably tell that it is an old recipe because it doesnt contain much frills. the original recipe has just ingredients butter flour egg and sugar. and this was the recipe that my mom used for a decade or more before i stepped in with my experiments ;p this is definitely a versatile recipe for both openfaced and enclosed tarts and i believe most other nyonya or nastar rolls will use similar recipes. in fact the original recipe makes use of margarine which gives it a very crisp texture. in my attempts using this recipe i used unsalted butter with a half teaspoon of salt and a teaspoon of vanilla and substituting g of flour with milk powder. delicious
sarah jane has gone – but a new regime begins at bannerman road clyde and rani must face the fact that nothing lasts for ever – but can they still unite as a team to face a new and deadly threat from outer space? or is the old gang finished for good?
a note by the editor in his newspaper
heres a sneak peek of their photoshoot. best wishes to you jeff and angela ) )
* apply water around the edges and fold into cone shape. stuff each cone with tablespoons of filling and close and pinch the top to seal. repeat the same with the rest of the dough.
plus there is the fact that i am still a mom to three little girls and i really need to have time left over for them...and my home...and my hubby.
the damage done to the brand in this particular instance may not be of much significance; the oaksterdam university has stated that it will reopen immediately. but it drives home the very real message that cannabis is still illegal in the usa and its governmental approval will not be gained through the guise of a taxable business however much this ought to be rewarded in a capitalist society. it seems therefore that the war on drugs is far from reaching an end and the absurd contradiction between federal and state law is still causing problems for patients and businesses alike.
it is not difficult to turn this form of reasoning applied here to ip so as to provide a corresponding justification for turning a blind eye to motoring speed limits parking restrictions faredodging and taxcheating among other things. this is because it is a form of reasoning from which the consideration of any moral principles has been increasingly excluded.
sec. . this act shall take upon its approval and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be in force and effect until the congress of the philippines shall otherwise provide.
universally peace corps volunteers crave food. i have dreams about it. vivid dreams where i belly flop into a bowl of ice cream off of a hot fudge brownie diving board. sushi. i have a long distance relationship with sushi and we are not communicating well.
 choose a gift for the poor from the wishing tree today
i was impressed by how graciously our side reached out and genuinely listened to these kids even though it must have been difficult to let them drone on spewing schoolsanctioned propaganda but they did. they listened.
the little drummer boy ... abc family ... am
i love you friends.
louisiana’s new laws will essentially give all parents an average of $ to use for their child’s education as they see fit. they can keep their child in their local public school but they can also try to get johnny into a more demanding charter school or a virtual school or into special language or careertraining courses among other options.
"maybe the weakness of twilight as a narrative and its lack of durability as literature is because the themes i just mentioned arent planned and dont work together as a whole. its a mire of themes but theyre there and they obviously speak to the reader considering the sales."
i was born and raised a central new yorker but lived yrs. in va bch va. i am the mother of two young men who are and yrs. of age. i have been doing reflexology since i was yrs old i have been a teaching reiki master for yrs and have been dr. mom for my family using therapeutic grade essential oils as our medicine for yrs. having come from a functional family but living many years in a megalopolis combined with many years of being a catalyst for healing gives me a varied point of view. perspective is one of my favorite playgrounds if you’d like a consultation for reiki or aromatherapy or soul integrationnner child play please feel free to contact me at vawbeacon *at* yahoo.com blessings for your highest and best vicki willoughby.
human beings were created by the creator—by love for love. from the beginning of time god has shown his love to us but he has never forced us to love him in return. instead he has chosen to woo us and invite our love in response. love can never be forced. instinctively we know that love that is forced is not love at all. true love is freely given and is experienced in freedom.
 c fresh strawberries or thawed and drained frozen strawberries
second land tenure insecurity particularly in state forest areas leads to social conflict and degradation of forest resources. third the tradeoff between conservation and development activities lead to difficulty in deciding forest management.
there’s a handful of small moments that help make the movie work. for some reason i find it hysterical that when the four bad guys are sitting around a table in their hideout thinking about what to do that they’ve all got a small yellow pad of paper in front of them. like the joker is going to jot down random ideas to bring up for discussion later on. or when robin doesn’t want to watch bruce and kitka make out in her hotel room so he shuts the surveillance feed off and alfred is all “is that wise?” because the old bugger clearly wants to watch. and then there’s the penguin – after he’s turned five henchmen into dust with the super special machine they stole he has catwoman sweep up the powder so they can be rehydrated later and he tells her “careful careful every one of them has a mother.”
hellooo..
“j” – only for use with friends who are named “jay”.
then thursday we began our countdown for the last days. we will be counting down the days with a fun activity or snack for the remainder of the yearfrom a to z (when the zip up and zoom out) these activities help keep my students focused and then at the end of our day for good behavior they earn their special "treat" for the day.
i just told a lie. here comes satan dragging me to the center of the town square and places a noose around my neck in preparation for my execution. mean while all his demons begin chanting “somebody has to die somebody has to die” suddenly out of the crowd of demons steps forth a man wearing a white hoodie (yes in my mind jesus wears a hoodie lol). he removes the hood off his head and introduces himself to me “hello my name is jesus the son of god.” the demons hiss and jesus proposes this question to me “would you like me to die for you?” though shocked at his question i immediately say “yes” the demons push me aside and quickly seize jesus. satan mocking jesus says “being hung is not a suitable death for the son of god let us crucify him” i watch as jesus is whipped and tormented on the cross and all he says to me is “you are forgiven and receive my eternal life.” i stand in amazement thinking “this man just took my punishment so that i won’t have to. he received death so that i can receive life.”
just from their eyes
(and sweetie is doing well in the amazon weekly deals friday is the last day to find it at this special before it goes back to its regular price same with firefly dance. thank you all for your support hmm thats something to be grateful for this holiday season my readers *heart is starting to grow* after this promo is over i wont be mentioning it as i have been you know how i like my "car salesmanfree zone" here *laughing* d )
anyway. back to the grindstone which totally does not mean playing more games. well. maybe for a bit…
the ladies find it hard to walk.
i finally got my jammies on. he was in the office. i was pouting and went down there to tell him my butt was now warm and it was all his fault. he was hugging me and smiling and telling me it was my fault. of course i had to be bratty.
note you may need to remove staples from the back of your letters if they came with a hanging tag. a small flathead scredriver or small needlenose plyers will do the trick to pry those babies off. i won’t lie i had to have my hubby get most of them out for me so if you can’t do it yourself you can probably skip this step and still be able hang them if you like.
i think im all over the board with this at times. for the most part i use my pmc components as my focal in my jewelry creations and i adore pairing my pieces with other art beads. glass ceramic polymer clay i love them all ive been using sari silk in my work lately and its been fun and challenging. im enjoying adding another dimension to my work
 tangerine
 more shopping done
worst part was that it wasnt the first time i had received it.
in short if you like horror films you’ll love it. if you want to be entertained you will be. if you like joss wheedon you’re already spamming me with hate mail…
ive lived on the coast for my whole life with the exception of two years when i was a teenager and seagulls have always been there. i rarely even notice them unless theyre flying by at the right time to add to a photograph. but last night when i decided to post about them i realized that theyre quite cool birds. theyre brash and pushy competing with crows for our garbage.
however after three years of university my eyes were opened to the changing world of the media industry. stories of newspapers cutting staff numbers were starting to become a regular occurrence. subeditors were some of the first to go leaving journalists less time to leave the office and find stories as they now had to edit their own work.
but that would take too long. this list is varied
i admit this fall got a bit chaotic i like to eat dinner and have drinks with the boyfriend every weekend. a few pounds crept back on from the holidays but i still kept up my habits % of the time working out at least days a week. its helping me realize that you cant stop living your life forever. sometimes you have to travel for work eat a delicous dinner your boyfriend cooked you or just enjoy a few beers. and while i battled with feeling guilty and angry with myself for "giving in" i need to learn that its part of life i always use the term diet hermit and its something that i dont think is realisitic. its great for getting weight off more quickly in the beginning but its not something that can be done long term.
who multitask efficiently
during this evening ( pm) my mother has been hosting a so called home party for the company perfect home (site in swedish finnish and danish). it’s a kind of gathering when you bring home a person who’ll show certain things to your invited friends. in this case there were decorative items like kitchenwear lanterns candles photoframes and such. really nice actually calm and soothing. but during the day before the “show” i cleaned my whole room really thoroughly wich was so() needed so many dust rats (and bunnies) haha but now it looks quite pretty in here. one of hour neighbours came in and told me that my room is very very nice and that i have good taste. it made me so happy.~
the shalwarwearing bearded men holding rakes and pitchforks in the caves of afghanistan have never been and will never be a threat to our constitution.
it is anarchy but it works.
i already had one so wasn’t looking.
our parents didnt invent stupid names for their kids like kiora and blade and ridge and vanilla
an honest description of myself with a glass of whiskey at an airport let us say in minneapolis
her salt curvature; which sonars
christopher glynn john reid (piano)
i made the pate sucree two weeks before and i kept it safe in the freezer thawed and baked just when i need it a great time saver since the dough needs to be rested for a few hours after making and after rolling. the lemon cream is also pretty straight forward you will need to whisk it constantly for about minutes to prevent the eggs from curdling. after that the blending of the butter that will make the curd the velvetiest and the smoothest cream ever.
i think ill slip a tom waits cd into the car player...ill be driving miss daisy at some point today.
there must be a better way. and there is a better way. it consists of the british reasserting their ownership of their own country picking up a very large hammer and smashing all the manifestations of the degeneracy treason and subversion that accompany muslims like a trail accompanies a snail and shutting down permanently their ability to come to britain. the moderates assuming they actually exist can observe our actions from the sidelines. if they have any popcorn that would be a good time to eat it.
so if you have an easier way to control this misery i am all ears well not literally my ears arent really that bigother parts perhapsbut not my ears.
tonight we had burgers grilled outside in the cool evening and we wanted something not to boozy were closing on our refinance in about minutes. blatant session at .% sounded perfect. cathys first sip put a smile on her face "oooo thats yummy." it was a bit like stone levitation but without the forward malt and without quite as urgent a hop character. tasty bitter good malt backbone and very finishable.
 lb trenette or fettuccine or linguine
… players at other schools get suspended yes but they have the leadership from the top for alabama for example that a slap on the wrist probably won’t come the second time. when the coach is known as no nonsense like nick saban is there is little room for misdeeds off the field.
even on monday morning at school when a girl walked up to me and streamed obscenities at me and then proceeded to tell me that i ruined her senior prom with my shoes i couldnt help but smile.
questions will be offline as well. i hate doing this but i need to get back up to date with all my work (and as exam time is coming it’s getting all the more important to maintain things).
you never ever ever get over your child. the one you hoped for prayed for carried and loved for the weeks and months they were with you.
that’s a quote directly from the power balance video above and it’s complete and utter garbage. firstly as a physics professor i can tell you that the goober in the video peddling this nonsense (and his bosses manufacturing and marketing it) don’t know the first damn thing about “naturally occurring frequencies” or “holograms” – if they did they wouldn’t be putting them into the same sentence.
episode is basically one long training montage and induction of shu into the undertakers. ayase is tasked with training him and because shu is a fucking terrible person…
 "pocketbacs"
. fountains of waynesky full of holes (yep roc)
everyone knows learning the difference between bor. boar boor and bore can be a complete bo . . . wait which one is it? wait can you explain the hawleysmoot teriff act? anyone anyone?
only that she is a teacher at an elementary school.
more later
hello dear readers my name is craig and i welcome you to my story. i came to new york city in august of with no job no family no friends and no place to stay. the buzzing metropolis of nyc has brought out the best in me as i now have my own condo and an ever expanding awareness of fashion and photography. i was adopted as a baby boy of just six months from an expatriate american family in guatemala. from there we moved to chicago to des moines to buffalo to toledo to columbus....so im a midwesterner at heart. but i love the big city life of new york and couldnt imagine myself living anywhere else in the united states. the inspiration for altamira has been in me for a couple of years already even before i started the site. if youve ever been to paris and experienced the style scene near the etienne marcel metro station youll see the area where i first began taking photos of people back in may of . i waited a year until i decided to finally start altamira. the name alta mira actually is derived from the caves in spain. when literally translated it means "high view"of nyc. thank you for stopping by and hope to "see" you again soon.
short term consolidation or int. wave c dow 
then we read for the days shall come upon thee; and thy enemies shall cast a trench about thee. who were ever greater enemies of the human soul than the spirits of evil who caress it with delusive joys while it gives itself over to the lusts of the flesh and lay siege to it as it is about to leave the body? they cast a trench about it when they bring before the eyes of its mind the remembrance of the sins it has committed; and they encompassed it around by dragging it into the company of the damned so that held fast in this supreme hour of its life it then sees by what enemies it is surrounded; and yet it cannot find a way of escape for it may no longer do the good works which when it could do them it despised. of such as these the words that follow may still be truly understood they shall compass thee around and straiten thee on every side. the spirits of evil straiten the soul on every side when they unroll before it its own iniquities not alone of deed but also of word and even of thought so that the soul that before had spread itself out in many directions in wickedness now at its end is pressed in on every side in punishment.
those are the names that mike and i came up with for each other while we were working on the deck framing. captain sparkles for mike since he was getting all sweaty and bossy and lieutenant trippy for me because i refused to get my tennis shoes out and wore flip flops (not recommended) and tripped on every little mound of dirt and sometimes nothing at all.
shire west dragonshire 
relationships and dating
thirty minutes was the doable time i mean what is minutes? in minutes all you would be able to do is like a few more status updates on facebook watch a cat tap dancing on youtube check your emails a few dozen times more. so i stuck with minutes and lo and behold it worked (in addition to some dieting but thats another story).
update if you want to add a via @username on twitter; you need to replace twitter code
coffee porter ice cream sandwich
mike .
if you read it please leave reviews on amazon or barnes & noble email me or post comments below. i’d love to know which piece in the book you liked best.
“or with his nails he’ll dig it up again
this dish was also simple but novel and beautiful to look at. i loved the delicate texture of the bamboo pith gently bathed in starchy but clear broth and offset first by the light crunch of the slivered mushroom and bamboo shoots stuffed inside then by the heftier crunch and pops of green in the stalks of kai lan. loved this.
but this week surrounded by cardboard boxes holding " stuff" chairs full of heaps of more "stuff" and loads of other "stuff" on the floor in my workroom i decided i needed a cupboard fast.
we just had to tweak it a little to go with the "new" room.
christmas is the season where words like joy peace and love are bantered around like christmas candy. let’s not take them as just words but as truth. let’s be like mary and embrace god’s favor on our lives. boldly declare "he’s done great things for me”
“say what?” is an interactive presentation that challenges participants to bridge the communication gaps that impact health literacy especially due to education language culture and sensory challenges. health literacy is the ability to obtain understand and use basic health concepts information and services in functional ways that enhance health. presenter chris tittel takes health literacy into consideration every day in his role as public information officer and marketing director for the monroe county health department. health literacy is key to effective public relations and marketing especially when researching drafting and editing press releases communicating oneonone with members of the media and the general public and knowing where to refer anyone in need of particular services. “say what?” also offers tips and tools that can help anyone working in the health care setting communicate more effectively with the general public clients and each other.
"the weary kind" crazy heart
kuala lumpur april — while suaram has formally filed a complaint with the french court over the scandalous scorpene submarine sale to malaysia it holds no illusions that those named as witnesses including abdul razak baginda will actually step forward to testify.
doc well your chest is clear.
“and enoch also the seventh from adam prophesied of these saying behold the lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints to execute judgment upon all. . .”
polemic
last night after going through my vanity drawers i found an entire collection of powdered milk i have been wanting to take a bath in milk for a long time but never got around to doing it or remembering anyway. so i decided to try it on my face instead. cleopatra was famous for her beautiful skin. her secret was that she soaked in baths of fresh milk. "modern laboratories now know why milk worked such wonders for her skin the lactic acid in milk is an alpha hydroxy acid a natural material that dissolves the glue that holds dead skin cells together. milk can cleanse the skin down to its deepest layers." i didnt know all this before actually apply the milk to my skin but this definitely explains why my skin felt and looked so amazing after taking it off. you can get powdered milk anywhere and it is so cheap and so far everyone on the internet raves about its effects.
and what is born of spirit is spirit.
. miscellaneous. the promotion and these official rules will be governed construed and interpreted under the laws of illinois u.s.a. without regard to its or any other jurisdictions choice of law provisions. entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and by the decisions of sponsor which are final and binding in all respects. any provision of these official rules deemed unenforceable will be enforced to the extent permissible and the remainder of these official rules will remain in effect. sponsor reserves the right to change these official rules at any time in its sole discretion and to suspend or cancel the promotion or any entrants participation in the promotion should viruses bugs unauthorized human intervention or other causes beyond sponsors control affect the administration security or proper play of the promotion or sponsor otherwise becomes (as determined in its sole discretion) incapable of running the promotion as planned. entrants who violate these official rules violate any law rule or regulation in connection with participation in the promotion tamper with the operation of the promotion or engage in any conduct that is detrimental or unfair to sponsor the promotion or any other entrant (in each case as determined in sponsors sole discretion) are subject to disqualification from entry into the promotion. sponsor reserves the right to lock out persons whose eligibility is in question or who have been disqualified or are otherwise ineligible to enter the promotion. if you have any questions about these official rules or the promotion please email them to digitalissues@barackobama.com or send written questions to the address listed below attn "obama clooney and you" questions.
 div(a). “in re george anastaplo u.s. () principiis obsta”. interview by gary mckinley. wobnradio otterbein college westerville ohio. (included in item c() above pp. .)
“teetee” i heard a familiar voice scream it was alexis she and a bunch of other people ran into the room holding baseball bats and bottles.
honestly?
i. stop the bleeding of cash as ibm is running out of money.
so today is the start of a new journey a journey that i hope will see me achieve the successes i achieve before both in terms of weight loss and blood glucose control. if i did it before logic dictates i can do it again. i must accept that i have changed my control has slipped so in all likelihood this new journey may well be more difficult than my last journey.
the point is how come we cant do the same with deadbeat parents?
now i dont know if this old th tree is an oak tree or not but its the best i could do.
i cant pinpoint exactly when i started to notice these strangely haunting echoes and connections between tales but i know that one of the stories i read around that time was the irish silvertree and goldentree which i have retold here. i leave it to the reader to guess which better known fairystory it echoes but i will mention this in irish myth a salmon lives in a pool in the boyne and eats the hazelnuts which fall into the water. hazels were magical trees and the magical nuts made the salmon wise. the young fionn mac cumhaill was ordered by his master to catch the salmon cook it and serve it to him.
there’s a bug on the floor quick go get a shoe
to show my appreciation to all of you who have supported me over the years in so many ways i am offering a % discount on all art sales and free shipping worldwide on any purchase you make between now and next friday. you can find my available work now at my website here or if you are a member of etsy or would like to become one you can still purchase most of my pieces at my etsy studio here.
koichi died of shrapnel injuries to the chest in october . he left behind a pregnant widow and twoyearold takayoshi.
this afternoon i took my layout ouside briefly to get a better photograph. unfortunately one of these flowers was not stuck down properly and just ble away....
visser chose dominican because she wanted to go to a school which was “the perfect distance away” from home. “i liked the mission and how deeply dominican is rooted in traditions” she said when reflecting on her first impression of the school.
john revelation of also known as the apocalypse a highly symbolic prophecy of the future that was largely undecipherable until joseph smith produceda “key” that made everything clear (see d&c ).
yes you read the title of this post correctly. the most recent character i have been reading about is elizabeth bennett of pride and prejudice fame. but this book is entitled pride and prejudice and zombies by jane austen and seth grahamesmith which adds an interesting twist to the wellknown story.
although i can’t let go of language entirely i do manage to sit for a long spell in a wakeful hush. i keep my eyes open because i wish to see the stillness not escape from it. the panorama i see is hardly wilderness and yet every blade of grass every bird and twig courses with a wild energy. the same energy pours through me. although my body grows calm from sitting still i rock slightly with the slow pulse of my heart. my breath and the clouds ride the same wind.
renovations delayed by structural instability
c. record low snowfall amounts this winter not evidence. weather is what happens in minutes hours days or sometimes months. climate is what happens over long stretches of time like decades centuries or millions of years. we’d need unusually warm and dry winter weather for another to years to say new england’s climate is changing due to global warming.
for the next fifteen years gobat devoted his time and energy to the law. he began his practice in bern and at the same time lectured on french civil law at bern university. he then opened an office in delémont in the canton of bern which soon became the leading legal firm of the district.
superficially
so here’s what i’ve compiled for gayby so far
in the mystic moods orchestra released their rd foundsound infused easy listening record with the theme of the record being the sounds of mexican beaches villages and town squares all mixed in with a latinesque orchestral pop sound ala herb alpert. gorgeous strings luxuriant flamenco guitars mariachi trumpets setting the stage a midst a backdrop of the sounds of crashing waves and the bustle of mexican city life indeed make this an easy and fun listen. the material here is a mix between traditional mexican music and mystic moods originals written by the orchestras conductor and arranger don ralke. is it a bit cheeseball at times? you bet your ass it is. but its a fun concept and immaculately arranged and performed. a must have for fans of the mystic moods material and the a&m latin pop acts like alpert and the baja marimba band.
joey doesn’t know any better. he doesn’t mean to make it worse only i know he’s just thrown me into a bucketful of shit.
"the strike has led to some retail sites experiencing fuel shortages" shell said in a statement. drivers themselves say that they refuse to go into any townships because they are being threatened there the most.
i applaud angie sage for the wonderful magical world she has populated with quirky lovable characters. even thought the books are written for a to year old audience they held the interest of this year old. i enjoyed the writing the suspense the humor the setting and most of all the characters.
finally it is saturday again and saturday means a new sketch and a new challenge at the waltzing mouse stamps sketch challenge. fortunately its not easter yet but with valentines day over and with this great sketch from jen cuthbertson i just couldnt help make a little easter gift.
anyways..... the five and under myself my dear friend and two of her kids were sitting outside enjoying the warmth and a little bit of free time before it was time to start lunch. the kids werent getting along so well though so after becoming weary of the continuous fighting and whining i told the yearold boy and twin b that they needed to go inside and stay there for a while until they could get along. they went inside and i turned back to my friend to continue our conversation. soon however i could hear them starting to argue again then i heard the slamming of the wrought iron screen door then a shriek then saw my friend look over my shoulder eyes wide and heard her say "oh no."
anyways do forgive me for not perfecting the recipe first before posting it. i will definitely tweak it to get more of that lava flowing out of the cake. if youve never tried a lava cake then you have to make this recipe. i cant promise you wont get addicted though
faustino apostol new york n.y.
. i think ill just stay here and drink merle haggard
she is obsessive yet witchdoctorlike about her health.
adams rh combes b. viral hepatitis during pregnancy. j am med assoc ; .
also up for grabs this month is our top badge it may not be until after christmas but we look forward to visiting your blogs and seeing what youve created for the challenge... then selecting our favourites this badge is only offered when we have + entries.
is after sadie has seizures
"the dog is screaming and he drags me across the street and its a good thing i was holding the chain or i would have been staying there dead" he said.
you have one hour pig prepare yourself accordingly.
and so we went to the graveyard. we were heading there all along because mister rogers loves graveyards and so as we took the long straight road out of sad fading latrobe you could still feel the speed in him the hurry as he mustered up a sad anticipation and when we passed through the cemetery gates he smiled as he said to bill isler “the plot’s at the end of the yellowbrick road.” and so it was; the asphalt ended and then we began bouncing over a road of old blond bricks until even that road ended and we were parked in front of the place where mister rogers is to be buried. he got out of the car and moving as quickly as he had moved to the door of his house he stepped up a small hill to the door of a large gray mausoleum a huge structure built for six with a slightly peaked roof and bronze doors and angels living in the stained glass. he peeked in the window and in the same voice he uses on television that voice at once so patient and so eager he pointed out each crypt saying “there’s my father and there’s my mother and there on the left is my place and right across will be joanne. …. ” the window was of darkened glass though and so to see through it we had to press our faces close against it and where the glass had warped away from the frame of the door–where there was a fingerwide crack–mister rogers’s voice leaked into his grave and came back to us as a soft hollow echo.
but that is a story for another day ;)
earlier this month the human rights tribunal of ontario (hrto) awarded $ to a black female newspaper carrier who insisted she had been arrested by police in early only because of her skin colour.
and thats it for now ill be back with the other cards in a couple days... hope youll consider joining me for this fun card class on tuesday night well be playing with paper flowers stamps dies and more... bring a friend for an enjoyable evening
parasitic if not cancerous and it links those programs exclusively with democrats even though republicans have chosen not to curtail them or have even initiated them (medicare part d).
the bpai first interpreted "hardware error" and found that its broadest reasonable interpretation was "an error related to computer system hardware e.g. system memory." the board further found that this interpretation was consistent with the applicants specification. in particular the board noted that the specification referred to a machine check abort (mca) signal as a "hardware error signal” and that the specification further stated that the mca signal "may occur when an error occurs in reading and loading memory data i.e. from corrupted memory."
i was recently contacted by a journalist who was keen to write a story about private midwifery as a career. he told me his audience is people who are contemplating a career in health and he hoped to shed light on the ins and outs of the particular career that was in the spotlight. he told me he wanted to present information in an informal conversational manner and even hoped for a bit of humor; that by the time a reader had read the piece they would have not only an idea of the particular career profile but also know something about the person who had been interviewed for the article.
i have given you the side effects which are known here is the list it purports to heal
) stumbleine
new steine mews however did know because i sent them links to both of my blogs.
in her wisdom. in her teenagery prank mode. in her infinite stupidity.....
do you remember gigo? garbage in garbage out. pastor husband and i were watching cartoon network with the boys this morning and there was a commercial for kidz bop. well weve had experience with kidz bop before; a little over a year ago mcdonalds was giving kb cds in kids meals. pastor and i listened to it and promptly tossed both cds in the trash. it was adult themed music sung by children. it was completely inappropriate for children the commercial this morning had lady gaga on it omw really? lady gaga for children?? why oh why would parents let their children listen to that??
the impressions were nothing to write home about and the jokes were secondrate versions of those from the first mort mort sketch. c+
to willingly change a name – for no real reason other than simply wanting to – somehow becomes a rejection of your previous name and thus your previous self.
it’s easy to feel like you make no real difference in the world especially if your are a doctor teacher or humanitarian. but this story helped to remind me of the little acts of humanity that affect individual’s lives that stay with them sometimes more than the big gestures.
your approach to the meeting adds to the problematic nature of this situation. i have expressed a concern about intimidation. it is not an unreasonable concern i have seen you and kathy working together in class and elsewhere. moreover as i say i have experienced your hostility. it is reasonable to resist being gangedup on especially when my classmates are enjoying normal meetings with just one of you at a time. you have completely ignored that concern however. indeed your latest message suggests that intimidation may be just fine with you. i note in particular that you visibly copied margaret on that message without the courtesy of an explanation as to why the director of the ph.d. program suddenly needed to be apprised of our correspondence.
concentrating capital and family decisionmaking. it is unthinkable to most koreans japanese or chinese people to leave their children to finance their education or housing totally to the banks and government. it’s not always that there is the expectation of care later on but if one has the money why would they have their kids pay +% interest every year on a loan? a western adaptation to this could be to write a loan contract even with interest but at least this money would be kept within the family instead of to random investors and institutions. this securing of financing from outside sources is a major reason why westerners are losing their holdings – it is like a chicken handing over her eggs to the fox and then wondering where her pension went.
eagle creek park was the destination yesterday and i have to admit that while other people enjoy spring because the flowers come out i enjoy spring because the bugs come out. the first bug of the season is this brown shield bug known in the vernacular as the stink bug because of it’s abhorrent personal grooming habits.
so what better time to get started with that than with the release of the third and final trailer for this summer’s much anticipated the dark knight rises and it’s a doozy sure to keep all the fanboys (myself included) happy until the july premier.
"ive described all my experiences" jessica said. "in detail"
i made the cake using a double batch of my favorite victoria sponge recipe adding about a cup of pumpkin and a healthy teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice. i baked it in four layers and filled and frosted it with an adaptation of my standard chocolate frosting recipe. the slight tang of the cream cheese helps to cut through the rich sweetness of the pumpkin and the combination is pretty sensational. could be a great thanksgiving dessert as well as a perfect autumn birthday cake.
autograph landfills
neutrality
opi steady as she rose
im off out this afternoon so ive used this morning to get caught up in the kitchen. i have a small shoulder of lamb in the oven with carrots onions and parsnips well eat that with minted gravy and spring greens. whats left after weve eaten our early lunch will be turned into something else. nothing but nothing gets thrown away. whilst i was in the kitchen anyway i had some food that needed using up. i bought a big pack of reduced chicken breasts yesterday and made two chicken and chorizo pies. today i made chicken kievs (how s is that? it must be the effect of my retro apron...........now im really feeling like margot leadbetter)
there must be millions of songs writtenand yet the raw material is quite limited. the western musical scale is made up of twelve notes (semitones) which repeat over about five octaves. (any more than that and the human ear cant hear them)
best fan artist brad w. foster
if anything i learned repeatedly from this whole gay bar experience that boys (especially mds) will come and go but family and true friends will stay. i’ll take my girls over any hot md any time. this time i’m certain the girls and i can do just that. the whole bit with keith carlo and ramon et. al prepared us for that.
trousers zara
 elegant
and on seesaw sunday nights i wooed
my peep kristen callihan tweeted a link to this article by chuck wendig today. view the full article here. in it he discusses the idea that rather than focusing on the salesoney that can and is being made in selfpublication we as storytellers need to focus more on telling good stories. thats why were all in this business to begin with right?
summary all of the peoples of the earth lived in the same place and spoke the same language. the decided using the technology of brick to build a city and a tall tower “otherwise we will be scattered over the face of the whole earth.” god came down from heaven to see what was going on with the city. when he saw their efforts to build a tower he decides to confuse their language and scatter them over the face of the earth because “if as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them.” this chapter then lists the genealogy from shem to abram as well as some of the specifics of abram’s immediate family.
first of all thanks to nuffnang for the movie screening. this movie is actually not bad because i understand the whole story line in this movie. at beginning of this movie you might think that this movie is art films or horror movie which is speechless all the time. they are putting alot of blur image about the past of nick cheung of this movie why is he imprisoned and what is the motive of his sin and deed that send him into prison. and simon yam is the only inspector who really put his full time effort to find the truth in all kind of cases happening in hong kong some heavy cases. i would like to state here that there will be some spoiler inside this movie i hope you all prepare to listen about it.
. we see actions with unclear context leading to curiosity
here are ernest phipps’s complete recordings
the reason i think itll be effective for me is because once i take one day off it becomes easier to take the next day off and the next and the next....for me if i can force myself to work every day and see the satisfaction of progress piling up ill become even more motivated over time.
it might not however have been as much fun for her as i imagined whilst i read. given the structure of the story with its seamless flow from one passage to the next the craft employed in engaging us with the characters and the action and the way she had me laughing smiling and wincing through the book there was probably a lot more sweat and a few more tears in the process than the end product suggests. easy to read may not always mean easy to piece together.
there have been a number of negative reviews for jessica spotswoods born wicked. some have said that the protagonist cate was self absorbed and they found her to be a little bit of a snob. there are others who thought that the tyrant government was a little unbelievable that a small group of people with no magical capabilities would have so much authority did not ring true. others found the novel refreshing a great reprieve from the usual ya dystopians. i would have to agree with this later group. i really enjoyed born wicked and i wasnt sure that i was going to.
they never imagined it could happen
im sitting in the dark office with only the light of the computer. i need to be in bed now but am having a hard time wrapping up the day.
and put my weights
while making this wallpaper i’ve stared at ninjask’s face for so long that i noticed it has a pretty goofy grin (the black line on the gray face part plus the eyes) and now i cannot unsee it xd
one random commenter from a perdetermined trendsetters blog hop challenge post will be selected to win. you’ll have till saturdays release party to comment on as many trendsetter blog hop challenge posts as possible. the more trendsetter posts you comment on during each blog hop challenge the greater your chances of winning be sure to check the tsg blog saturday evening after pm est to see if youre a winner
with selfless faith with selfless faith
for the neutral ones i found some random text and put it in a pretty font in works and printed it on plain copy paper. i adjusted the margins a bit so it would print as close to the edges as i could make it and then justified the edes to make them even on the right and left sides. i used a " scallop punch and needed layers per flower. after all the punching was done i crumpled them all up with my hands and then stacked the scallops in groups of . i wanted them to have leaves too so i made them out of felt. i just handcut some leaf shapes with a slightly long end. i cut a bunch of rectangles about " by " and cut the leaf shape on one end. the other end was just left square since it would be under the flower and out of sight. i stacked the scallops on top of the leaves and stapled them together easy peasy ) the final step was to ink them up a bit with some tim holtz antique linen distress ink.
i imitate christ jesus amen
i understand how evil and vile tv can be... i know you want your kids to get fresh air and be outside and be active. but parents please put yourselves in our shoes sometimes and see things from these different perspectives. on days like weekends that youre home with your kids do you make phone calls? (probably and this is ok its normal) do you constantly engage and play with your children? (probably not and this is ok) do you hover over them and follow them around at the park and not let them just play with other kids? (i sure hope not). please stop hiring someone to act as a perfect parent when you dont want to be one and then get upset when they turn out to be human. please see things from a different perspective if you can once in awhile. are your children alive and well when you get home? are they clothed fed feel safe have a roof over their head? these are the things that matter my job is to keep your child safe and make sure they stay alive i nurture them play with them and do other things a mother would do with them because i like to and feel thats whats right i am good at what i do and am always requested by people and have excellent references. ive never had an interview where i wasnt offered the job. so if anyone reading things in here thinks im a "bad nanny" for anything ive said you dont know me and youre wrong. im just feeling frustrated lately by the attitude i get as a caregiver and felt some of this needed to be said.
we’d watch tv and eat chips and fool around
my recovery was pretty intense and i guess i never really thought about that part of the process. i was too worried about the whole labor part that i completely neglected worrying about the recovery. guess it worked out in my favor because its not like i needed anything else to stress over i will say my whole body was sore from pushing for about a week my lower region was very tender for about the first week after and that theres a lot of blood. basically everything this post mentions is the perfect explanation. its so real and true to life. eventually i was able to get around pretty easily and was back to normal pretty quickly. as of two weeks postpartum i have lost about pounds of about that i gained. im pretty pleased with that number.
the arsenal player steps up scores.
aoa nightcrawler decides hed stay on.
sidek’s remark is simply saying he is not worried and that the problem has been dealt with.
this year i was determined to send out christmas cards even though i had misplaced all of my friends and familys addresses even though i didnt have the inspiration or time to create a fun and festive picture for the card and even though the clock was running out of time. i decided to plod along anyway.
it is easy to think when you start writing that you should describe your characters in detail as they arrive in the story for the first time. but why would you want to stop the story for a large wad of description however beautiful it might be. it isnt a film where the visual of the character often hits you before they utter a single word.
“i think the message going out from the taliban here is when we kidnap people in the future we are serious about harming these people and that’s a very difficult message to deal with.”
burton also mentioned a “sixfigure” democrat donationribe to jesse jackson to buy his silence about israel. on october jackson told fellow attendees in at the world policy forum in evian france a ‘president obama’ would “remove the clout of zionists who have controlled american policy for decades.”
well i really hope you all like this card and you could find something that inspires you.....
i really wished i would have seen this whole discussion so i knew the whole context but to simply hint that women designers have less of an impact than male designers because they design for themselves just baffles me. we owe a lot to certain female designers for breaking barriers. we’d all be wearing dresses and skirts if it weren’t for them.
one page is all it takes folks if you can’t fit it in one page you have most likely lost the interest of the reader. when in doubt keep it simple. while constructing this document it is ok to put everything you think you will need and then edit it out later. sometimes it is easier just to see it all together and then you can start eliminating things that may seem redundant. one of the most common mistakes students make while writing out their résumé is lack of paying attention to detail. watch spelling; there is nothing more embarrassing when you have sent in
sometimes we are all so close to something that we cant see another view or we just assume everyone sees it the way we do. getting these answers can help you see from a number of different views and a number of different points that all can help you reach the widest audience possible.
i started out with this on friday afternoon
well what was it then?
him hmmmm...sigh....geeeeze lemme see...its a small place so we fill up fast
as well as containing her first concerted embrace of world
hang up .
job title
this is the six book nerds like it hot of the series nerd by vicki lewis thompson. with a handful of characters thompson keeps the plot light even through all the action which they have to endure. all her characters keeps the dialogue goofy and fun as they proceed in protecting each other on this cruise.
all my love to you always…..
get % off bridesmaids orders (bride must have purchase her wedding gown to receive the % off offer)
as you know jeff was bitten by a spider more than a year ago but what you may not have known was that for a couple of days after he went to the er things were touchandgo. there was talk that he might have to have his arm amputated and we didn’t know if he was going to pull through at all. he was in a medicallyinduced coma for a few days and had several operations to remove the dead and dying tissue from his arm. so understand he was in really really bad shape. it’s been about a year since he got out of the hospital and since then he had to learn to walk again he’s had several painful skin grafts he’s been in rehab doing exercises to regain the strength in his arm; but best of all he’s been playing guitar. we were all excited when he joined us onstage for the encore a year ago at the big four show at coachella. since then we’ve given him all the time and support he’s needed to continue his rehab so he can come back to the band fully recovered and able to deliver the kind of shows we all want him to. while jeff’s been doing some writing and has been coming to rehearsal over the past several weeks he has decided he needs to take more time to continue his rehab. while we want him back onstage with the band all of us support his decision. so we’re very grateful that gary holt will continue to fill in for jeff and will tour with us until jeff completes his rehab and is ready to return. how long will that be? the best and most honest answer we can give you is ‘as long as it takes.’ we also wanted you to know that we’ve been doing some writing and recording for the next slayer album – we’ve tracked a few songs and will finish the album when we’re off the road later this year. gary will join us on tour in europe and the uk in may and june and then we’ll all see you on this summer’s mayhem festival.”
what my heart used to be.)
 eggs
there is more than natural selection involved in the events on this earth. a person who has not know jesus christ the only unique son of god can’t understand the care motivation that true followers of jesus has– to simply love fellow human beings because he has loved us. jesus places in the heart on a believe the desire to reach out toothers but for no other purpose than because he loved me. that so goes against the grain of almost any culture you or i have been exposed to.
but not young either
i also have an old arp axxe synth. i use it strictly for recording i dont think i ever brought it to a show. its pretty awesome. i got it from a guy who was about to throw it away at the amherst dump. its a classic old analog synthesizer and its mine.
preregistration is now officially closed. congratulations to those lucky individuals who managed to send in their preregistration late last night. i applaud you and it warms my heart to see those payment notification messages in my email inbox. ^^
we’re going to jump in and start building a model for forces soon but we’ll need a common vocabulary in order to be able to talk about forces. it’s pretty clear from our various definitions that we could easily get confused about what we’re saying to each other if we don’t agree on some common terms first. so i’m going to give you (or sometimes … just depending on how it goes) common forces. it will be just enough to get us started but there are certainly other types of forces which you’ll identify when they come up (and we’ll have plenty of extra space in the table to make new entries when the time is right).
some argue that the view of america and even new york city as a melting pot is largely a myth and outmoded idea. immigrants do not settle across the country or the city in a uniformly distributed way. what we have would be better described as cultural pluralism and multiculturalism and that a salad bowl is a better analogy than a melting pot.
se brush a small kabuki that is also great for foundation as well setting powder that is super fluffy and soft yet full and dense.
there is more but blogger.com is being so painfully slow rght now uploading my photos...its killing me will try again later
the bedraggled kitten mewled pathetically and henna attempted to rub it dry with her long skirt making small comforting noises to the poor thing.
nice.
word of advice to those trying to make macarons for the first time read the mac bible mentioned above and meetas notes on the same and you should be good to go. if you dont find feet thats fine too. just sandwich them anyway and give it to your husband saying its this awesome new dessert that you came up with. mine would believe it in a second and so i wasnt too concerned about the "omg who will eat these feetless things part of it. pics are not that great cos after i was done with the whole episode it was about pm and there was very little light. i was also in no mood to make it presentable and hence the gloomy pics.
down on the shore it wasn’t at all peaceful because there was a crab who insisted on making everybody aware that they were his neighbours not the other way round. he clattered away from the very start of the day until the sun disappeared and often through the night as well (he had trouble sleeping – his legs were plagued by the most dreadful cramps).
it is reported today that the public investment corporation an investment manager for state institutions has bought r billion in sanral bonds. % of this investment is madeup of the government employees pension funds.
if routine is a small part of our work then its possible for it to become a welcome part of our day and increase productivity. it then leaves space for us to consider and do work that creates more meaning and energy for us. there are ways and means to achieve this and its just as easy as creating a shift in perceiving it and making use of it to our advantage.
i pulled out the tube that you use to send stuff through. i started trying to fit everything inside and quickly noticed there was going to be a problem. i had so many s on me that when they were stacked together they resembled a harry potter book......lengthwise. i started rolling them up and pushing them to the bottom so there were layers in the tube. at this point i had been standing there for about minutes. a line of cars had formed behind me and i could see the driver of the car next to me elbow the passenger and point.
and finally right now im reading (and almost finished with) cinder by marissa meyer the first in the lunar chronicles which just released last week marissa meyer is a debut author published by my same publishing house (macmillan childrens) and boy is she in for a wild ride. not only is cinder a fantastic fantastic book that is so imaginative vivid thrilling romantic exciting and super engaging the book is getting tremendous buzz. it seems like everywhere i look im hearing about this book. i think marissa is poised to be the next big thing in teen fiction. shes created a world as vast and creative as the harry potter and hunger games and i was immediately sucked right in. cinder is a crazy retelling of the famous fairytale cinderella except cinder is a cyborg (part human part machine) who is living in a far future world (after world war iv) where cyborgs are second class citizens androids do all of our dirty work and there is a powerful nation of lunar people (who live on the colonized moon) ready and waiting to take over planet earth. oh and the prince is super dreamy too
we would like your project to be primarily these colours although you can use small amounts of other colors neutrals etc.
we went to the vatican city on the day before we were due to leave rome which was a weekday in autumn and so it wasn’t too busy – comparatively speaking. four million people are said to visit the museums per year and weekends are busy indeed. (from a conservation standpoint this must be tough to deal with.) my wife and i started in the museums above very very slowly burrowing our way down to the sistine chapel ‘very slowly’ due to the press of bodies rather than the distance we travelled.
so thank you fellow blogger for opening my eyes i will indeed strive to take a shorter shower. i hope you all will do so as well. and while you’re in there being a little quicker than you were yesterday give thanks that you have the luxury of clean clear water on tap. there are many in the world who don’t. let us never take this gift for granted
my daughter graced me with tea and toast which my little dog was very happy about.
birmingham central library was modelled on boston city hall and its inverted ziggurat form is an example of brutalism. architect john madin told internet magazine the stirrer “this whole group of buildings was designed with a pedestrian walkway with squares waterfalls and fountains and pools. we wanted the feeling of paris or rome with open squares and landscaping … instead of the linking landscaped squares i envisaged theyve filled the main square with cheap fast food shops like mcdonalds so instead of becoming a civic square it became a cheap shopping centre.” the macdonalds now has to employ security guards to protect staff who are often rude to customers even if the council had followed madin’s plan it was still a copy of a boston building and not in our tradition.
give you a list right here of all of the irregular verbs if it didn’t pose the following two problems
macrophage inflammatory protein (mip) and also vegfgfb is known to occur in humans with neuro degenerative disease (alzheimersarkinsonss).
each weekend as i head home at around am from working at a party i see two or three young women drunk alone and wearing barely a stitch of clothing.
now on to what these truly amazing
good day overall.
reaching for something in the distance
serve warm or cold with cream ice cream custard or just by itself.
chisum provides some interesting background information on the state of technology heading into the benson decision
usage – las vegas is famous for its wild hedonistic night life .
"‘her body’ is more heartbreaking each time i hear it. a startlingly gorgeous piece on a person’s death being appropriated as a ‘theme park for ideologues’ and their body being turned into a metaphor."
we’re currently looking for placements of months for more individuals and families like carolina from chile who has skills in working with children with disabilities and helping them grow in faith; and the marroquin family experienced evangelists from guatemala.
the pic was taken on his th birthday. i have blurred some details for privacy and also i didnt tell him i would put it on my blog.
are you sick of the mundane? want a better life – free of debt stress and nagging? wanted man – with desire for betterment of self and all things. a chance to make a real difference. a heavenly opportunity. minimal hours. desirable package and terms. no chancers. midlife crisis a definite advantage.the interview too had made promises of great things – so far none of them had come to pass.
 beautiful boys
i really missed it to blog
mar 
 for this reason let all godly people pray to you
im a hopeless romantic and yet i have to tell you that this moment in chickflick history was about as cheesy as a twotopping pizza. but cheesy or not its one of those famous lines that wont soon be forgotten.
id love to see what you can come up with using these awesome dies from serendipity stamps they sure are fun.
harryhausen manages to fit in a nice little tribute to his
we have done nothing this weekend. friday evening i did get drew to go out for a little while. we got (free) milkshakes from chickfila and went to the mall so drew could spend a gift card at the deacon store. we also went to barnes and noble for a little bit and then headed home. saturday the kids and i headed to sam’s club and then stayed inside watching movies all day and night. it was so cold and windy we didn’t want to go out today we had church and we’ve got no plans either.
kimberly was a very very extremely busy lady therefore after many attempts to contact her for a meeting she was still just way too busy. come to find out later kimberly is a nurse here is houston and that explained why she was just so incredibly busy all the time.
ii) animals i love animals so why not combine a career with them? i could become a circus performer? or a lion tamers? or even a vet? i know that to become a vet you need to study for years and years but the end result is that you get to see a lot of dogs every day and that’s a happy thought no? only downside i can see is that as a vet i would be required to put animals down and i can’t really be doing that. it wouldn’t make a very good impression on the owners if i was striking their pets on the chest whilst doing cpr and screaming “you’ve never given up on anything in your life now live” especially if they had only just brought their tortoise in for a check up.
harold k. and betty a. forsen
when it rains is an immense debut and gives strong excitement for future releases from silent screams and if they find sort out the vocals a little more the band will tower over most rivals.
here is a close up detail of the flower embellishments i made using the splendid circles dies topped with little flowers from the home sweet home set.
tacky glue.
in particular the ec must perform its constitutional duty to act independently and impartially so as to enjoy public confidence. the ec cannot continue to claim that they have no power to act as the law provides for sufficient powers to institute a credible electoral system.
other breweries send smaller batches featuring selected items as part of a specific pr push.
dates chopped cup
do you see the “mood” switch on the wall across the room? if you don’t mind could you flip it to kill?
please remember that most of the pictures posted here are submitted by viewers ....
heat a big pan and pour the gingelly oil.
extended family that i was estranged for about years. there are
monday july starting at p.m. ginger man will feature rum barrel aged winter stout divine reserve no. on cask bourbon barrel imperial stout on cask and an auction. one dollar per pint plus a portion of auction proceeds will be donated to tch ibd clinic.
nae man can tether (tie up) time or tide;
if you worked on ad do you have an anecdote youd like to shareabout your experience of tharg and his minions?
in other news i dumped one of the gallon potato pots today. it had been ravaged by deer and was not doing well so i put it out of its misery. here are before during and after shots
from edl sources this is a report from an eyewitness to the car incident in which several people were run down and injured. according to rumor one of the victims died.
so i walked through these questions with jesus this morning and left with this thought
the campus police are busy investigating the latest campus crime wave noting the thieves have targeted machines in the the chemistry building the human ecology building and the computer center. msu police sgt. florene mcglothiantaylor said "thefts from femininehygiene dispensers have been spotty in the past."
the success of this recipe depends upon the melted chocolate and butter being at the same temperature. if not the chocolate and butter will separate.
these pieces have all been part of our collection at some time but sadly all belong in other collections now
thats what we are becoming. the lord sure is giving us a lot of opportunities to live like country folk in spite of the fact that we dwell in a townhouse. does this mean he is preparing us a home outside of town? if so he is also preparing for us a mower and a plow and something to push that plow... and lots of gas for many trips into town. ) im kind of liking the idea although i have to confess that for the past fortysome years i have not been trained to keep up the work ethic that is needed for country life. its never too late to change and miracles do happen. i am looking forward to a miracle in my character.
with dwight howard ruled out for the entire playoffs this team has to turn to ryan andeson glen davis jameer nelson and jj redick as their primary scorers. there is absolutely no way this team without howard can knock off any team here in a game series. and to be quite honest i don’t think they would be much higher on the list even if howard were playing.
. the halloween song bing crosby boris karloff & victor moore
now usually i’m able to let these things go. but three days later i was still thinking about the cleaning cloth. i began to imagine what a stateoftheart lens cleaning cloth to accompany my wondrous binoculars would feel like. the texture would be smooth against my skin almost tingly it would likely be a soothing color (perhaps bright red? here at birds and words we find peculiar things soothing) and it would help me identify warblers yes after three days of visualizing this magical cloth i’d decided that there was a direct correlation between possessing a zeiss premium lens cleaning cloth and my ability to id migrating songbirds. i needed the cloth.
 cup fine granulated sugar
i sensed after just one mouthful that any great detail entered into at any great length may ultimately prove hard to sustain.
alex noble assistants saskia wickins
ingredients trout
feel exhausted easily
the officer claimed lazarus ordered him to make copies of the claim after an apparent fallout between suspended police chief bheki cele and mthethwa.
no seriously dude don’t say that.
i’ve been counting down the days to this. not that thunderstorms tigernut cocktails and weekend stays at oceanside eco lodges haven’t kept me busy – my stay in ghana has been a fascinating combination of experiences both new (opening a coconut with a machete) and surprisingly normal (watching too many episodes of “the new adventures of old christine” while dogsitting for a friend). but i’m not here just to drive around with locals to chop bars with dancehall music blaring out the open windows to join in the cacophony of accra streets. certainly part of the fun but not the goal.
this morning it had been taken down.
child becomes mother as mother becomes crone until death and transformation borrow each of us from form and we settle into the expansiveness of space in a field of flowers where all is sweet and then we realize we never left at all.
just seven? fine. seven.
independent handson work with dogs is essential no matter what and a great way to get this experience is via apprenticeships with or assisting local trainers; working with dogs of friends family and neighbors; volunteering with shelters or rescues. documenting the hours logged actually training and handlings dogs as well as keeping case studies will be helpful later on when you seek certification through ccpdt or iaabc.
a smile is indeed a universal language. i felt such an incredible joy surge through me at the sight. at this shared secret communication.
fortunately facebook allows you to choose how you interact with a friend. do you limit the connection ... to where your posts wont go on his timeline? how will and how much will you post? do you only post to select groups you establish? do you post much personal stuff?
he thought about his soul while his body sprung to life wondered at its existence whether or not one had been assigned to a man like him a man such as he was. something fundamental floated on the periphery of his cognizant mind but there was a film that obscured the truth. his lips were parched his mouth was dry his fists were clenched tasting of the lust for unconstrained action. before frank knew it the man had fallen to the ground his face and chest a disheveled wreck. the crowd shrunk away and frank staggered off bending assuredly to grasp his bottle and fade into obscurity. nobody stopped him and soon frank had escaped the scene and was tipping the bottle to his lips tasting the succor of mere drops.
of course some might try this logic with porn that pornography viewers (or readers) understand it’s not real. but there’s a difference still and it lies in scripture. philippians says “fix your thoughts on what is true and honorable and right and pure and lovely and admirable.”
beer festival than it did when i was last here five years ago. i think this is partly due to the gabf not being quite as good as it once was (see points and ) but mainly due to the gbbf being quite a bit better than it once was.
so i thought having been through and benefited from mt i would give my interpretation of why it has had an impact on me and what separates it from these other treatments.
apple has not yet posted an agenda saying only that “developers will learn about the future of ios and os x allowing them to build incredible new apps.”
fill the blender with the soaked mix+water but don’t go beyond half it’s capacity. this will ensure that the batter gets blended nicely. i reuse the water that i soaked the rice in for this step.
okay my last original fic to post today. i wrote these last week but haven’t had time to type them up or post them (hence why i extended the drabble challenge). this one takes place when sarah and tucker are kids. tucker really was a jerk. i swear he changes later on. the prompt was sticks and stones at writerverse.
some of the zombie extras were paid more to eat real calf brains in the film. dan obannon didnt want the actors to do anything he wasnt willing to do and ate some raw calf brains first in front of them.
yogi? open to starting a practice? then this one might be for you. if i didn’t have so much expenses i just might.
 news links
filmobjects
 
 nerve
the goal i believe is to minimize race as a descriptor in any way. if people were all enlightened beings words would just go back to being words. chink would just be a dent or blemish. fag would just be an english word for cigarette.
i actually did almost nothing to the inside other than layering some of the dps. that eiffel tower is part of the dp design. the only thing i did was add a couple of stamped images . . . including a fabulous sentiment quote by author and humorist the late erma bombeck. heres a closeup . . .
it would seem freddy and i broke the ice of this fight and it was starting to melt away. this made me happy. it was bad enough trying to let go of cutie for the millionth time i couldn’t afford to lose someone else so close to me.
the correlation between islamic ideology and this disparity in criminal propensities is open to dispute. however the statistics are telling rape is an overwhelmingly muslim crime in western europe. its most brutal and barbaric form gang rape is almost entirely a muslim phenomenon.
i tried to let it go.
here we all are during various stages of the creative process. wonder was painting a eggy hobbit riddle that went something like "a box without hinges keys or lid yet golden treasure inside is hid?"
jeffjew will you?
and the name of the star is called wormwood and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters because they were made bitter.
on the island the legs are freestanding so the caps needed to be all the way around the legs. in this case there was a seam along one side. we glued around the bottom of the leg then opened the caps up enough to get them around the leg then pressed into place...
point of fact john mackey is not a nice guy. the typical zombie story hero is always shown as a morally upstanding righteous dude without the long train of personal baggage that accompanies most real people. so i said hey fuck it ill go with the abusive drug addicted manipulative sociopath as an archetypehell i know how to write from that perspective better than captain americas whitebread perspective anyway. i dont condone the things he does but damnit that doesnt mean that his story can never be told.
some varnish love
these recordings have their moments but i had an orgasm myself when i realized that the record included an actual song about "the pleasures of love" that sounds as if it was created for a s spy movie soundtrack.
you don’t have to use wild orchid crafts products to enter but if you do that would be wonderful. you can combine our challenge with any other challenges of your choice and as long as you follow the theme for this challenge and you link back to wild orchid challenge blog you will qualify to be in the draw for the fab prize. no back linking new projectsards only please.
the uks dave tv station may need to think creatively about its brand following ohims decision to reject its trade mark application for its key services on the grounds of earlier unregistered rights.
paul le blanc (la roche college pittsburgh) stressed the necessary interface of a revolutionary party with a ‘labour radical subculture’ which has been absent in the u.s. in recent decades.
ma could hold tears on her eyelids longer than anyone; some days she walked around like that for hours holding them there not letting them drop. on those days she would trace a finger over the shapes of things or hold the telephone on her lap silent and you had to call her name three times before shed give you her eyes.
“i suppose you’re right.” derrek looked up at the sun deepening his frown. it felt like it was following him more so than the one back home. it looked like it was going to just open up and pour fire down on the two of them.
below are two fotd’s with the two blushes. unfortunately one seems to have been taken with sunlight while the other just daylight so they’re different hues. hope it helps anyway.
ii. reflections on freedom of speech and the first amendment (university press of kentucky )
‘who’s carl?’ i ask.
 no
even if aboriginal tribes are allowed to survive as “primitive” peoples this does not mean they will not engage in practices such as tribal warfare or sexual exploitation of children we “civilized” people will not find repugnant.
eta i forgot to mention this earlier... the patterned paper and the lace are from yvonne. i won a candy at her blog a few weeks back and she sent me a beautiful scrapbooking kit )
will shine as the stars forever and ever (daniel ).
a conversation before dinner
i can hardly remember what it was like before all of this started. back when anything less than nine hours of sleep was torture. now i shudder at the thought of sleeping of battling for so long.
meanwhile cbs has been pretty mum on “the bold and the beautiful” and “the young and the restless.” i can’t imagine “the talk” is doing well?
telephones were treated differently then. in our home the telephone was a tool for adults. as children we seldom used it. if mother was there she would answer it. we answered it only when she was away. and we never answered the telephone at grandma’s house.
over at casual friday we are challenged to use black with a pastel shade. i really do struggle to use black as a main colour as it is but mixing it with a pastel colour? are you crazy? soooo out of my comfort zone but it is not a challenge for no reasons so i decided to have a go. well two actually...
its simply mindblowing reading articles like this but im hardly shocked. most u.s. public pension funds dont have a clue of what the hell theyre doing when investing in private equity real estate and hedge funds.
and on a very serious note i feel like i just have to post this video.
because i can assure you that my heart can only speak the truth
wine
 – cougar town (abc) jules struggles to accept the fact that holly the mother of grayson’s baby is a part of their lives and it doesn’t help when travis and the young mom share an attraction. meanwhile andy mulls a mayoral run on a platform involving beach weddings; and laurie helps bobby make sense of his inappropriate comments at the cake shop. this episode also has barry bostwick which should be superexciting for those of you who are my roommate.
i can’t believe that years have already passed since the day duane allman hopped on his harley after a party in macon georgia– not knowing it would be for the last time. he only got a few miles down the road when a truck turned in front of him and duane clipped it’s back end. allman lost control and the harley landed on top of him sustaining injuries that would take his life within a few short hours. the lead guitarist of the allman brothers band who was gaining huge acclaim for his exciting and innovative sound and style was dead at age .
we spent a couple of hours at the museum and learned that hugo was not human. i have read les miserables (the whole thing every single word even the boringtome battles) and hunchback (or notre dame de paris to be accurate) and toilers of the sea and already knew that he was a writing genius. but did you know he was wellversed in math and physics…
who is trusting him that all children will be starting school in january? this sister.
vanish from my sight
“i didn’t really like the work i thought was my best work. i liked the stuff i didn’t like a lot more.” — hollis frampton in a interview.
so there it is mission drainpipe duck success
but when i sour it will take a lot of faith to believe that the wind would not blow me down but carry me….
which would block his clearsight completely maybe before theyd gotten anywhere at all. "good thinking."
and while soonmi is an extreme (the other girls are taller than her) its still not surprising. the typical north korean is about six inches shorter than the typical south korean. (as far as i can tell yunu and guncheol seem average to me but i am rotten at judging peoples relative heights.)
i have been neglectful i will admit that right up front. the last week has been chock full of stuff including a boyfriend visit over the weekend. i shall now attempt to fill in the blanks. this morning turned out to be an interesting trip. i went into town for routine blood tests then stopped in at my local favorite home improvement store. while there i decided to look for one thing that wasn’t on my list. a pool floatie. last year’s model had died and i wanted another one like it. but when i went to the aisle with the pool stuff outside it was blocked off. i had to go up front to locate a store person who then looked to verify there was no apparent reason for the blockade and then called to make sure they were done. well they weren’t. and they also weren’t moving heavy equipment around at least not for normal store purposes. as it turned out a baby owl had fallen to the ground. there are a couple of barn owls who live there which i hadn’t known before and their new little baby had fallen out. eventually after giving them time to finish up i found out that there had been babies. only one survived and it has been replaced in the ‘nest’. then they fortified things so that wouldn’t happen again. i finally was able to go into that aisle where i met up with the guy who was fixing things for the owls. he pointed out the mama owl who was directly above the pool stuff i wanted to look at. dad was farther away watching over the newly replaced baby in the nest. gosh they’re beautiful creatures and i was left with a feeling of awe for these lovely birds who are pleasantly accepted by the store employees. the owls do their part and keep the rodent population down so get fed whilst doing chores. a working bird a happy partnership. just hope the baby makes it.
oo
recently i came across a recipe for a sandwich that is now been deemed my new absolute favorite sandwich. i found it on pinterest and was practically drooling at my computer screen and couldnt wait to try it. i even had all the ingredients on hand at the time..i love it when that happens below is a picture of the one i made...doesnt it look delicious
here’s how it works first a parent corporation in the united states (like google) sets up a small corporate subsidiary in ireland—let’s call it “s.” the parent then enters into a legal agreement that gives the european rights to all of its “intangible” products—like say an internet search algorithm—to s. in return s agrees to help market or promote those products in some way within europe. by virtue of this arrangement all of the parent’s european income from the products would be collected by s.
good morning all i hope you are all keeping well its wednesday and time for our freebie challenge at dudetime doodles for my card ive coloured mo with promarkers xcut die cut rounds backing papers are papermaina capsule lincoln linen buttons and ribbon from stash.
im blogging because i can blog. not because i in actuality appetite to or even accept the action for things like thinking logically or bowel movements.
sadly my expectations were wrong when monday’s writing session found me brain dead and reluctant to even open the chapter file. as i listlessly watched the cursor blinking on the page my mind tired and barren of one viable piece of dialogue or descriptive phrase i realized this lack of enthusiasm had been creeping into my consciousness for a couple of weeks now. as to the root cause or how permanent the affliction i took some time this past week to evaluate my situation.
 cups green bell pepper strips (about peppers)
all up and down the perth coastline it’s near impossible to not be able to find a good vantage point to watch the sunset. all along the coastal dualuse path people walk jog and run right along the waters edge. a very popular spot to the locals.
school is s l u g g i s h we will be working in the summer months. *sigh* i really look forward to not worrying about it in the summer. just doesn’t always work out. oh well. i am beginning lesson plans for next year. fun fun fun
pulling tupper more comfortably into the crook of his arm aurelius shot a sour look at his brotherinlaw before remarking “you’re still rather puny sprat. does frey feed you enough?”
. quicksand (acoustic)
first the puppies.
it wasnt until a few weeks ago my year old sons teacher told me how fantastic my son was doing at school and how great he was with lego. "he must have a great collection at home?" she asked. i said "no he doesnt have it". she was in shock. she suggested i get some so his good behaviour reward for staying out of the principals office this first term was a box of lego. i dont remember having it when i was young but i got such a kick out of helping put together a police van for dogs. my daughter has also shown a great interest in it. i even went out and bought a drawer filing box so he can store it so it doesnt get underfoot.
outfit details
so off to the store i went. i bought cambria a big white board and created a calendar on it. we have the days of the week and then the daily activities she needs to complete. the activities we put on the board are
john dewey american philosopher and educational reformer believed that “democracy is more than a form of government; it is primarily a mode of associated living of conjoint communicated experience.” we are not autonomous individuals we live within a society. as a society we must evaluate what we collectively value. are highways and schools important? yes then the people should build highways and schools. if we value the humanities sciences and arts then our society should have programs in place that foster their development. america doesn’t have a strong tradition of supporting the arts and changing this won’t happen over night. that is why organizations like the junior committee are so important. we engage our demographic give voice to those who often feel marginalized and take action. when we work together we can build a brighter future.
buzzword . data
i have loved atcs since i discovered them. the size of a standard playing card...." x ." is such a fun size to work with. other than size the possibilities are endless for artistic expression.
chihungwa. the other woman was called recha she was given by nzvere to mashonganyika. madzivanyika gave her to chandayengerwa. chandayengerwa was the son of chinamaringa. these two wives ran away recha went back to mashonganyika and wandimirwa to gutu. when madzivanyika charumbira and chingoma saw this they very angry and they sent some people to go and take nzvere and his sons guhwa mashonganyika and gutu. nzvere heard this he was afraid. he told his children not to go. nzvere told that those two women recha and wandimirwa must go back. then guhwa said they wanted to go with them. nzvere and gutu did not go with them because they were afraid but guhwa mashonganyika tanhira rewu and their cousin chozariva and other people went with these women.
the hubs put this cute little fence up around my garden a couple of weeks ago. this was supposed to be a project for next year but a certain ball of fluff decided he wanted to eat the broccoli that i had planted in the garden... minutes after i had planted it
ultimately the stereotypical trap that avatar not only doesn’t fall into but outright rejects is the “vanishing indian” myth. in the typical “white man makes a better indian than the indians do” story whatever victory is accomplished by the white man’s cultural shift is soaked in sorrow because we know how it all ends – it’s a victory in battle but not in war.
all totaled my eight legacy pubbed ebooks have sold a little over copies on kindle.
it was amazing to see how much space birds occupied in matisses and picassos correspondence. birds seem indeed to have been a common denominator for matisse picasso and me. both artists always kept birds at home matisse mostly exotic species pablo the more ordinary kind except for the owl. in my grandmothers garden in paris my fathers aviary had enchanted my childhood.
you could learn the strategy design and style in connection with louis vuitton clutches from a the capital city way week that the combination of sorts of materials and colors is certainly using mother board.
thought since i’d been getting these types of questions recently
right after lunch i would again stack the dishes in the sink and after putting the children down for their naps i would empty the washing machine and rinse tubs and wash them out and sweep all the water down the drain and then hurry outside to bring in any of the clothes that were already dry. by the time the children woke up most of the laundry was folded and put away except for the pile of ironing that needed to be done the next day and a few pants and rugs that were still drying.
i didnt reply and that was the last i heard from mr. wentworth. or...was it?
individual cereal boxes
sustain nyc’s role as
parc floral de paris m°chateau de vincennes
the music industry is rapidly changing. the internet has enabled widespread piracy as well as a variety of new business and distribution models. we want to offer an engaged audience in and around the euregion an opportunity to develop a coherent and detailed picture of the future of music distribution. on the st of may a music conference in maastricht consisting of oppositional debates creative workshops and lectures will provoke opportunities for intellectual stimulation debate as well as networking.
approaching eyes of a diviner man
then i advised her that we tucked our shirts in in the s. she reluctantly did that. she wore a white tee tucked into her jeans under the jacket and then wore the boots. maddy found a funky flower headband and i showed her how i would have worn it back then and she wore her dads glasses. she looked so rad
get thrown to harper so he can prosper and then sent back to a hand that may be can help the land.
"it became glaringly obvious to me at a very young age that
veggies — i should have put this at the top of my list. this one really grates. what is wrong with “vegetables”? are we children that we need cute words to entice us to eat foods that are good for us?
was by the rich mercy
. the list goes on and on. what list?
saturday august pm (edt)
the boers were winning the angloboer war because it was a fair fight a fight they could fight that they were able to fight and once again they were the inventors of guerilla warfare a much superior approach particularly at the time. the boers started losing when the british stopped abiding by the rules which made it an unfair fight. the british started burning down their farms killing their cattle destroying their land and homes burning them to death rather than shooting them in a fair fight. the british then caught their wives and children threw them into concentration camps where they murdered the women and children by starving them to death letting them die from thirst and disease. the rules were no longer being equally applied and they broke the spirit of the boers the broke their morale and the boers had to capitulate because they could not win an unfair fight. they held the boer soldiers to ransom and forced them into submission. that is why the boers lost because they were no longer fighting a fair fight. in a fair fight they would have won the british but they could not standup to the inhumane strategies of the british.
my mom found some little wooden toys (as well as a little forklift) on our adventure to value village today and i thought it would be a good idea to stick them in the light box when we got home. i also threw my dying flower into the mix.
or something that didn’t involve running.
“a” – a greeting usually elongated into something like “aaayy” like what fonzi used to say.
when he asks for a fish?
review of the drag queen who talked to the screen during planet of the apes
began to swallow them up.)
a piece of herself is wrapped in everything she writes.
i really really like soccer because i love the way it goes on and on and there is no stopping even if some one is hurt and has to be carried off the field maybe some added minutes at the end but otherwise there is none of this going on forever stuff you get in american football.
my areas of interest would have been very obvious to anybody who has read my blog indian history (especially the colonial raj and partition) politics and diplomacy. ive been focusing on these very topics during my studies and it has been a wonderful learning experience that has lead to a passion for understanding postcolonialism nationalism gender in politics and foreign policy and the annoying habit of trying to slip in the word subaltern as much as i can (as you can see..).
but to each his own. i watched seinfeld back in the day so i know some people like muffins and especially their tops. but with the popularity of the slang term muffin top i must wonder what the hell malto meal was thinking when they produced this product ...
level weapon att + accuracy +% proc rate % deals % damage times.
cold toilet seat
so like a literary saint paul on the road to damascus my eyes were opened. my slow slide towards the purely digital lifestyle has been upended by this one thing — this slim six by nine manifestation of my literary labors.
this is such a small amount of money that it is clear that there can be no reasonable objection to a surcharge to enable shore power. after all no one has to take a cruise but the residents of nyc have to live with the pollution.
please remember to check our challenge rules as occasionally we have to rule out some entries that dont follow them shame as we like to see you all join in with a chance to win jennis digis.
yum
way back when i started mtn biking dave told me that finding the right mtn bike was difficult. you needed to know what your style of riding and what type of "feel" you like in order to find the right bike. i mentally rolled my eyes at this and thought huh? a bike is a bike how can the same thing be so different from model to model??"
im not sure how much blogging will be done this week. son aka not fredo and his lovely dancing lady are arriving today from tampa on their way across country to lalaland. and then on saturday the mitm leaves. *sigh* i might post some pictures from jazz fest and also some pics from charleston sc or not ill try.
song not only chosen because it matches this post also because my mmfanatism has been reanimated by a little birthday gift (thanks for that at this point).
tan picture booth?
rule screw mechanics
i figured i would use silk flowers for this since it was going outside. i also found a big hard wreath at the dollar tree. i figured that would be better too since it was going outside.
hugs;
 sell . cadjpy .
here is a giveaway that is too good to be true. i do not know how to post the pictures that melissa has on her post but just let me tell you
swing
see the trend? we have this conversation days a week. and yet i seem to be unable to do anything to fix those issues. my weight has been stuck in the same lb range for months now lots and lots of months. the good news is even though i am eating like a crazy woman some days i havent gained any weight. i have tried the "just fix one thing" approach and the "one day at a time" approach and neither seem to be working for me.
we also want to know your birthday so we can give you a little gift on your special day (for those that can come by the store that is).
c grated cheese
capabilities.
by martha e.h rustad. . p. pebble pluss (). gr 
let’s start with the second word marketing. it’s all about marketing. it’s all about attracting people who have a dream or problem and showing them how your solution fits for their personal case. it’s all about attracting people into your business not pulling them to your business.
and as far as connection and trust i feel that to some degree people connect in a much deeper way since the invention of blogs and facebook and other media. sure it contributes to the wham bam mentality of people who suffer slightly from adhd. but it also creates another layer to a person that you might not ever see in an actual inperson interaction. for example i don’t talk about comic books in every conversation – though i try my darndest – but it wasn’t until i became fb friends with someone that he and i started trading books and talking about different characters and story lines. would it have come up in conversation? probably eventually. but he also lives a bazillion miles away so it would have taken awhile.
next he got me some lens bracelets...they look like the tops of camera lenses. awesomeness
octapussy
stamps magnolia tilda with teddybear from sweet princes & princess collection text stamp nicole verkooijen
“the progress of the enormous debts which at present oppress and will in the longrun probably ruin all the great nations of europe has been pretty uniform”
“he has received his just reward for being captured” wei’s mood turned dark as quickly as his spirits had risen only moments before.
i still dont know if he was serious or joking.
or why even think (if he’s the allknowing)?
“there’ll be the devil to pay.”
yes thats a much simpler solution stan you old fruitcake.
hi everybody
my adoption was never a secret. i was always open about it with friends who would ask lots of questions and take an interest. in some ways it felt quite unique being so different to everyone else. i know that nowadays families are fragmented but i was adopted in the s and ‘broken families’ weren’t as common back then.
supply list journal (if your a fraidy cat this can wait until your second class) check out the one i use (on display) at the paper niche. if you cant wait the spiral bound is my favorite because it opens to lay flat. i like the x inch.
i first bought a cricut in may of . i saw a beautiful card made with the indie art cart and i was hooked. i love this machine so much and i don’t know how i ever created without it.
another story is that this week the weather was so nice i decided to go through the car wash which the boys loved. there was a line so i had almost changed my mind to get the car wash nolan would have had a fit because he really wanted to go through the car wash (especially since it was the same car wash they can see and watch from daycare. after we were done i asked nolan if he was going to tell daddy where we went and his reply was no. i asked him more questions and found out he didnt want to tell daddy where we went because it was a secret silly mommy it was a secret car wash. later he tells me (rather loudly) i no tell daddy about the secret car wash. oh he tried to keep his made up secret.
part of me really really wishes that the lyrics were known to the online world. they would add another layer to emotions that music is trying to express. regardless enjoy this release from a fairly unknown project that almost slipped past my gaze.
critical mass is still going we are still having parking meter parties and people and organizations have stepped up to work for improved transportation options to get us beyond carownership (tlc tug rth for example) and diva is still there to cover the grassroots actions that the local mainstream media ignore.
from the depths of my bottomless soul–i mean heart
combine warm water yeast and sugar. let stand minutes. add salt and c. flour. mix and knead together. grease bowl and let dough rise for about hr.
you can see it in my eyes.
a very sweet friend was helping me out of a pickle...
nov phoenix az us airways center on sale soon
mom i think you question or stress so much if you are doing the right thing or that you weren’t able or aren’t able to help me as much as you can and i know you help me as much as you possibly can when you can and for that i thank you . thank you for being the best mom and helping me grow into the woman i am today. thank you for teaching me to be a lil more outspoken god knows i’m not a vocal one and you are and it’s finally starting to rub off on me in my adult years. i hope you understand that i believe you have made a beautiful smart woman that can do anything she sets her mind to because her mom taught her to believe in herself. i want to commend you on raising me – i know i’ve probably tested your patience a time or two but you were always there for me. thank you for always keeping that door open for anytime i needed talk. you’re not only my mom but a best friend.
still learning the dos.
kam just shared this image with me along with this press release about the release of the stamp
nd layer zucchini rounds. use . season as above (salt pepper onion & garlic powder) then top with of the cheese. pour the cream over the squash on this layer.
chicken breast
how about doing a repost with your list of personal values? declaring them a good way to get clear about what you hold important especially if youre setting goals for the new year.
“in this mirror image one can see that if the same earthquake occurred in cascadia the fault would rupture to a significant distance inland since the cascadia trench sits much closer to the coastline than the trench off the coast of japan” anderson said.
“if you divide between federal seats it would average to about voters. this is enough to potentially decide seats” he said referring to the seats that had slim victories for either coalition.
i bake muffins and cookies but what do i know from cupcakes? ask me in a few months and ill give you a mouthful. literally. each batch makes about and well be experimenting with several different recipe combos.
my mom will be working my merch table (just stickers and buttons) so tip her well she’s a super lady
.) what is your biggest regret in life?
and as far as the former password sensitive site sorry about that.
you would find manhattan and the bronx to be very walkable with convenient transit. in westchester county it would vary depending on where you went but you could find a comfortable route at least as far as white plains or ossining. north of there you would find walkable downtowns like poughkeepsie and rhinebeck some of them even served by halfway decent buses separated by increasingly long stretches of inhospitable sprawl and country until you reached albany.
dont forget that plastic hair and meet me on friday march at the music hall.
that it should not want to beat anymore
i think that the inherent danger for people on both sides of the cross is that we can easily become reliant on our good deeds. because no good deed goes unpaid there is always a reaction to our good deeds and most of the time it is a positive reaction. furthermore our goods deeds at a purely human level actually are good and do often accomplish many positive things. the problem is that they just aren’t good enough to save us. not even close. so it is very easy for us to feel comfortable in our lives and feel as if we are ok because i am a good person just
‘it was may day and they persuaded me to take part in the may day parade. from the loud speakers you could hear “long live president zápotocký long live president zápotocký” but people came out on the streets and shouted “long live bican long live bican” but you know i myself wasn’t responsible for that. the factory communist party committee called me in to the office and said ‘these two comrades will escort you to the train station and in one hour you’ll be out of hradec králové.’ i hadn’t moved so fast in a while. i packed my suitcase and they really went all the way to the station with me and waited till the train had gone. it’s a wonder they didn’t wave’
in the current climate of misandrist hysteria every man is considered a potential rapist child molester or “sex trafficker” so it’s not surprising when spineless men line up to be counted among the ranks of the politically correct whorebashers. it’s one thing for a woman to support sex worker rights because we’re not under a permanent cloud of suspicion but these days it takes some serious balls for a man to stand up demand rights for sex workers and actually sign his real name to the thing.
justified is a fabulous show so much more than i ever thought it would be when i started watching it.
before we go any further im going to share a video of a byrds tv performance of "eight miles high" so you can refresh your recollection of the song. (videos of old tv performances by rock bands are great because they let you see what the band looked like in performance but use the original studio recording of the music everyone lipsynched back then.)
here is one final thought to contemplate. suppose the two angelic visitors to sodom were women. the townspeople pound down the door demanding to rape them. suppose everything happened in just the same fashion and god destroys the city. would sodom’s destruction indicate that god forever condemns heterosexuality? of course not. this story is not about loving sexual relationships. it is a story about brutality violence and attempted gang rape.
with so many hops a young ipa would hit the cheek cells like paint stripper. however the long voyage and the pale ale futures market meant the beer usually spent months aging. this turned the hop bittering from an aggressive taste to a fine bouquet which some writers described as reminding them of a french white wine.
its essential.
but not really.
of the sea…
in the early s the united states and the european community used the weakness of the postsoviet russian leadership to impose economic and cultural embargo on all of the three peripheral states. the model was copied partly from the regime of sanctions the west imposed on the comecon since known under the abbreviation of “cocom” (coordinating committee on multilateral export controls) forbidding all western firms to export “strategic” commodities into the rouble zone. by the way the “cocom”embargo against moscow survived the overthrow of the communist regime in . officially it was transformed in to an new regime of trade regulations called wassenaar agreement. but the embargopolicy continued. so ibm was sentenced to a fine of millions of usdollars because of selling hightechcomputers to russia – and in this case we speak of the year .
it is two days until christmas now. the children just discovered all the stocking stuffers hidden in my closet. i think i said something about how christmas is now ruined. (if anybody leaves a comment about how this was just deserts for lying to my kids about santa i will delete it. oh yeah i will.)
last time we ate at walt’s i ordered the sausage and sauerkraut. it was dreadful. the kraut was overly tart and the sausage had been boiled so long that once the casing was broken it had the consistency of oatmeal. i’m no carnivore but even a sometimes vegetarian like myself wants a little firmness when she eats flesh.
do i look to my left or right...i should. those standing by me and around me should always be accounted for thanked and given a moment to be shared.
 radio television & other electronics stores
i have a kindle. i love it. a voracious reader it certainly won’t stop me buying books. but on consideration which is more environmentallyfriendly? the bookmaking process (paper processing ink etc) or the plastics and metal within the reading device? the lights needed to read by the power required to recharge… and ultimately the words of the author. i am glad the stories continue to be told by whatever medium. i will listen.
i felt like as if i mentally…and emotionally flatlined for a few days… like seriously shut down…
sat on it and contemplated my purpose…
earth in a patch of grass near the civic center in downtown scottsdale. where is the weirdest place you have ever slept? okay this part of the book always cracked me up because the civic center is so busy. theres a library and its just this huge hubub of activity. every time i drive by it now i giggle thinking of fictional atticus sleeping naked there.
poetry ought to be taught in schools as a game. i mean it. all the way up to high school and beyond.
i didn’t want to give up so i caught the fastest train also here nearly missing the one and only train that would make me catch up with the bus before it enters the shuttle that goes to the continent through the channel tunnel. i made it and am also probably one of the few who have ever shuffled in a train under the sea.
cios need to care more about their staff and have to understand and overcome any difficulties that they face in their everyday jobs. caring managers will always be able to deliver better results.
wsc matches wickets avg . w best 
i know i can honestly who couldnt
btw does anyone know where that chemise dressack dress thing came from? was it dior was it balenciaga? how long did it last?
why indeed?
now the two of us are thinking of children who are missed children who are probably thinking of having their own children .. and we are here at the bottom of the world.
article the ministry of agriculture shall be responsible for the supervision and administration of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products.
somehow my boys snuck out without my knowledge while i was drying my hair. keep in mind that one was pantless and the other was dressed for easter but barefoot. i panicked when the boys were gone but i finally spotted them several yards down the road retrieving tucker and bringing him home.
what obscure forces he was thinking push humanity to set off such killing sprees?
“yeah if i already bored of you i’ll kill u immediately.”
mitchell a. australias move to the plain packaging of cigarettes and its wto compatibility asian journal of wto and international health law and policy ;()
an ceann comhairle ￼ ￼ i will not repeat this. will members please get back to section ? no acrossthefloor shouting please.
alan longmuir – bass
emma chuckled and reached her hands up as if she meant to place them on my shoulders then stopped herself and dropped them back down to her sides.
pack 
you can serve the soup right away. the flavors will intensify over time. it tastes great hot or cold. it can keep for several days to a week in the fridge and it can be frozen for later use.
if stored in an air tight container penguins will live happily in your fridge for up to hours.
. alert the masses (feat. halfabrick)
social security tax
notice that throughout the above discussion i never once mentioned the impact of a renewed global downturn on the chinese economy. that seems to be the focus of much media discussion these days but from my perspective it is only a complicating factor. china’s economy is still based on an exportled growth model and therefore ultimately derives much of its growth from external demand. but china’s accumulation and sterilization of foreign currency reserves over the past decade meant that when that external demand evaporated in late it could inject previous export earnings into its economy in order to finance a purely domestic investment boom. when it did so china for a time at least was able to decouple its fate from the rest of the global economy tracing a story arc involving high levels of growth bad debt and inflation that has followed its own separate logic to their resolution not unlike how japan’s response to the plaza accord propelled it along a similar “bubble” trajectory in the s. external factors like a falloff in exports the fate of the dollar or the volatile attitudes of foreign investors may either intensify the forces at work or mitigate them may accelerate or delay the moment of truth but the primary forces at work and the primary choices to be made rest with the chinese and the structure of their own economy not with factors that have been imposed on china from outside.
*eeks*
these are not men who give a rats ass what najib is willing or unwilling to do or what he is strong enough or not strong enough to do. these are men who will effortlessly pull the strings of a prime minister that was weak to begin with to ensure their own survival.
no more death sting no more suffering
i saw these prayer flags hanging on the wall in the yurt at the wellness center. i was so touched in that moment i couldnt help but snap a pic of them so that i could take them with me wherever i go. (exhale).
mr. nobbs has intelligent practical ideas on using our time wisely especially when we’re low on energy due to health problems but also for those of us who just plain don’t feel energetic all the time. i love his commonsense and workable approach.
the longterm primary productivity of life in the sea – the net growth of photosynthetic microbes – depends on the supernova rate and on virtually nothing else.
make no mistake we are earnest on this issue. if the authorities lack the courage and moral fibre to confront this disgusting muslim march of hate we believe that the presence of our three highestprofile elected politicians in a peaceful yet highly symbolic defiance of the muslim mob will force the government to ban this vile march. if they do not the pr consequences for them and public support for us will be immeasurable.
about minutes after leaving home we arrived back at home with the back of our vehicle filled with perennials ready for planting. when we pulled into our driveway three jack rabbits were lazing in our front yard – not a good omen
“he’s here at least once a month.
sometimes she’d ask me to slow in front of a particular building or corner and would sit staring into the darkness saying nothing.
ive often been confounded at the seemingly random (and archaic) hours that retailers stay open for business on sunday here in the uk. only in the southern part of the us (where clearly one must go to church before doing anything productive during the day and return to church in the evening...) where i grew up have i ever experienced such a brevity of open for business which typically meant noon to pm.
and bide time
hello sorry ive been awol of late ive been working a lot of overtime and auditioning a bit too but i am back with my full report on the ambassadors of death. this one took me a while to watch...
it should be interesting even nothing happening will be intellectually interesting (but i hope something happens)
pride. “why is this person talking to me like i’m stupid” is usually what goes through my head. why i’m so sensitive feeling like i’m being looked down on i have no idea i just know that i often feel that way.
and thus the new england naughty hog was born. heres how you make one.
november 
arik stepped outside and looking at bantum with his hand covered in snow shouted “what in the name of omri’s beard is going on out here?”
cant wait to hear what you think
you hear that far too much when you try to talk about this sport. i’ll be the first to admit that it really isn’t much in the way of motorsports but the competition is fierce. people often assume that you need high speeds to get that “sweaty palm” sensation when racing. what i like about auto crossing is that it is a sport that demands precision driving over raw speed. each course is supposed to be unique but we do repeat our favorite course layouts every now and then to see if we can better our previous results. the driving precision and unique course designs really lead to some significant challenges to the driver. when you are participating in an event you typically get runs. like baseball you get strikes to get on base you have runs to get your best time.
anah daata sukhi bhava
i can tell you that our god made himself known this morning. we saw his grace all around us from the moment we woke up. thank you ladies for holding us up today.
so naturally it didnt even cross my mind that d wouldnt recognize me. that the last time she saw me i was a man. sure there was the odd chance that the rumor had gotten to her... but it hadnt. and that was even more obvious as i tried to make the best of the situation. what was i to do? run or try to explain who i was? either way the damage was done and since im not a coward...
for what it’s worth i’m sorry. i never intended to hurt anyone and i can only claim that my entire parenting career has been marked by mistakes from which i later learned lessons. i was not born knowing how to do this and most of the books on the subject are rubbish. it’s trial and error.
the san diego chargers have been hot and cold in the draft. lately it’s been cold in the early rounds. general manager a.j. smith could care less what the consensus might be around the league. he has his own player rankings and he sticks to them. it makes for some unpredictable drafts. while most fans cheer–or boo–their team’s draft selections charger fans tend to respond with “uhh…okay…” or “what?” overall the chargers have drafted well especially in the later rounds so i can’t complain too much.
gunpowder and lead which was released in conveys the story of a woman who prepares to kill her abusive husband when he is released from jail.
i usually expect ideas to just come to me. i will get on with the job as i have been told to do it and hope that fresh ideas on making the process better will just formulate in my head. and sometimes it works. understanding the system already in place allows me to then build on it. but as i get busier and have a lot more to think about the ideas stop coming. there is just no room in my head to formulate new ideas
there’s a learning curve; no internal storage; proprietarytastic; that browser
my brain already had the knowledge that my heart didnt want.....
albert pujols through games
do you enjoy the mummy? what do you think of it?
weve dishonored our dead and whitewashed our enemies. a distinctly unholy alliance between fanatical islamists abroad and a politically correct "elite" in the us has reduced to the status of a nonevent a day for politicians to preen about how little theyve done.
the first thing you should know is this isnt an actual picture of my shopping cart. i wouldnt be caught dead buying anything as healthy as fatfree milk or celery (janice i didnt reach for the celery. inside joke).
this weeks favourite i think has to be "men with hairy pubs".
only selfentitled wimps would consider suing the restaurant over this. now had the dentist mutilated your mouth repairing your tooth i may have seen a lawsuit as a viable option. since youre suing the restaurant and not the dentist im assuming he did a bang up job of putting that fake smile all politicians possess back on your face.
ugh. im putting off grade cards (again). anyway ill keep this quick. this is probably silly because im sure you all know about this but on the off chance you dont it can make school work muuuuch more bearable.
do i run harder early on and tick off some decent miles whilst feeling fresh; or
portland
then she goes into greater depth with basic discipline strategies. she discusses common roots to behaviour problems (like hunger tiredness and so on) and how to deal with those thus solving the the myriad problems that arise from them. next she talks about some common ways to react to and prevent behaviour problems providing a sort of smorgasbord of potential solutions from which you can pick and choose the ones that fit right with you.
pay what you can
its almost midnight. looks like they made it through another year.
on wednesday night at i’m going to introduce buzz. hell read from the book and he and i will have a conversation about father’s day before turning it over to the audience.
� disposition of steam plant
sap solutions
a. also provides proof that property taxes are paid
 marcelle hydrac skin care foundation % off
feed it cheap crumbs.
squirrel friends in the backyard who love peanuts.
add the buttermilk and stir well. pour in the dishes. i made small desserts.
i put a layer of very thick vellum i had from an estate agents house folder over a hammered card after i had cut it out with a border by birdscards.com i added the hearts myself then cut out a scroll with a file also by birdscards.com. i then added text i made up in fairycuts. i embossed both the scroll and the text with cuttlebug folders i added a varigated ribbon from hallmark and added a few flowers from my stash. i added glamour dust for a littel sparkle and i am pleased with the effect i hope her day will be happy. i thought that "its your day" conveys no matter what happens it is her day.
last week my new intern and i ventured out to find the perfect pillow fabric for a client i have. weve been having a hard time pulling in her blue chairs and green ottoman so i wanted the perfect pillows to pull it all together.
as you kissed me
dooley’s got his injured players back. he’s got more depth. he’s got assistant coaches with whom he claims he’s more simpatico. and the schedule is softer to boot. so how many wins does tennessee have to notch this season for sod to puff his chest out and proclaim that the vols are back?
you better call it a regal.
i have been drinking a fair amount during . i have been fortunate to visit a few gatherings where copious amounts of small quantities of beer has been thrusted onto my eager hands.
was the torch battery dying? was the light turning into a spectrum of colours? why were the fireballs burning? was it day or night? was he looking at the earth or sky?
is goat cheese an acquired taste? i will admit that as i try more goat cheeses they are starting to grow on me. don’t get excited … i’m not sending the cows home just yet.
i hear one of these calling my name
someone once said to me that my father leave my mom my sister and me with no responsibility and no regrets i have learned that i don’t want to be like him. i know i am failed to maintain my marriage but this is certainly not my decisions and i had tried to fix it many time until i founded that this is not about how to maintain or to fix this is about her life i am admitted thaw “weparents” too selfish to ignore her; that she’s deserve to have a parents completely.
apparently according to my mother in my teens i used to gallivant around the town. ‘up to
and the night went on and it was fiery and gorgeous and perfect as such a thing can be.
with the large amount of frosting between layers the addition of plump cherries and the fact that i didnt do a great job of centering the top layer there was a huge gap between layers. this gap led to sides that werent perfectly straight. i must say that ive found that people are not at all interested in hearing your monologue about all the things that are wrong with the cakethey just want you to shut up slice into the cake and serve them some.
enfys my card is big x and i printed the carol singers from magical winter to fit and added quite a wide ribbon. i used glitter letter stickers to spell out the words on their songsheets and gave them all a pompom on their hats. the inked edges are dark green chalk ink looks a bit brown in the photo......
i shot the nude months before she came down
there was one food item that thomas was willing to discuss the lead agent from mrs. obamas secret service detail came in and ordered twelve of the same sandwich to dine on he said. that was the chicken breast served with swiss cheese mayonnaise tomato and smoked bacon on a kaiser roll which is $..
i plan on writing little memories and tidbits in this journal for hannah (and us) to look back on when she gets older. thanks for the inspiration erica
for instance research shows that youth clubs without proper guided activities are a breeding ground for trouble not a hindrance to it.
theres no real reason not to do it.
he often lists the various things that annoy waiters and waitresses one of them being people who dont order drinks then proceed to make their own lemonade.
and this is where
it’s his biggest day as a preschooler.
when i read the list of books for the morning news tournament of books i immediately went out to my librarys website and added them all (nearly all seriously) to my library holds list. its ridonkulous how many people are in front of me for most of the books but as is usually the case they all come in at once
level mp cost attacks up to enemies times damage % % chance to stun the enemy for seconds.
theres nothing wrong with them per se considering theyre both first draft wips. but the book scene is right at the climax of this huge fight where the mc is arguing with his mom and it seems wildly overdramatic out of context.
 p.m. get up to pee. go back to bed. don’t sleep.
if you agree here are some ways to make yourself heard
i’ve always loved the name nora. i like the way it sounds i love that it is unique classic and simple. it is a family name as well. i had a greatgreataunt nora that i never met but i’ve heard stories about her — what a neat funny lady she was. today i got a phone call from my mom asking me if i knew what the name “nora” means. i told her that i hadn’t had a chance to look up the meaning but asked that she please enlighten me “elanora” (which is what nora’s full name will be) means “from the shore”. how absolutely perfect. my most precious sweetest “treasure” yet. (see day ) i had no idea. (and god doesn’t have his hands all over this???????????????)
an important fact to keep in mind about this book is that the statistics are not accurate in the sense that the numbers mentioned may possibly be higher but definitely not fewer. the reason for this is because the compilers of the book relied mainly on incidents that were covered by the south african media and there is no guarantee whatsoever that the media covered each and every incident in south africa.
last night i gave a customer a dr. pepper bath. i havent spilled a drink on a customer since i first started waiting tables in college. luckily the guy was shockingly nice about it. to make it worse though it was his birthday.
be std free forever
finely shredded lemon peel (optional)
 reach chuzenji from there take a minutes walk to kegon waterfall take a look see
clem “it was really fun but it was hard to get the tomato paste out of the tomato can and finn thought it was disgusting when he cleaned out the can.”
and sighed "someday i know ill do this with a dame.
well… in the case of plan nine from outer space it’s the sheer willful almost gleeful way ed wood ignored every facet of the production. writing. continuity. acting. direction. these were all secondary to “getting the movie made” and that showed in every frame. when bela lugosi died during filming he merely hired his dentist to walk around with a cape over his face and simply believed nobody would notice. scenes change from night to day to night depending on what angle he’s shooting from. it’s a train wreck. it’s really really bad.
a recent presentation by boston consulting group to our phds showed how this can happen. bcg gave a clear structure which could be used to tackle a case study and then roleplayed it getting suggestions from the audience. we got there eventually but many of the suggestions were far too detailed ignoring the simple structure suggested.
before this came the agrarian age the industrial age and the information age. people may quibble with little differences – smaller ages that i didn’t mention or what came before the agrarian age but make no mistake. we’re no longer in the information age.
and the list could go on and on and on.
reverts necromorphs
all is right with the world. i can sleep peacefully tonight. we can all hope tomorrow will be a better day.
suburgatory is a new smash comedy that comes on the wednesday lineup. subugatory features a father and daughter played by jeremy sisto and jane levy who moved from new york city to the suburbs. in the suburb area all the houses are the same and all the lawns are well manicured. besides the perfect lawns the residents are all spray tanned and have enough money that they could use dollar bills as tissues. so when these fast moving new yorkers get moved to the suburbs comedy is likely to ensue. jane levy’s character encounters the “queen bee” of the high school dalia who until levy moved in dalia got whatever she wanted. besides the high schoolers the neighbors are also quite nosy and generally come over and observe and comment on the job that jeremy sisto’s character is doing. watch this preview.
hi readers — the other day a toddler at an applebee’s was accidentally served alcohol instead of juice. it’s appalling — the mom said she knew something weird was going on when he started saying “hi” to the walls — but the bottom line is the child was unharmed and this was one single incident. in fact it was an incident so modest and local it is bizarre that it made the news. it’s not like this was a terrorist attack. it was one stupid mistake. but as a result applebee’s went into omg mode (probably out of fear of lawsuits as well as bad publicity) and from now on it says it will retrain all its employees and use only single serve juice drinks.
something i’m going to the mall to get my eyebrows threaded fix a clasp on my bracelet find a dress for another wedding i’m attending comfortable cute flat shoes for work new book gift certificate for so and so i’m not trying to be in here all day…
oh. the red hair. the blue eyes. the fair skin. the pouty lips. the stare. this little one just keeps on growing up up and up.
so i miss rose on her birthday but i hope it is a wonderful day for her. she will be celebrating with friends one of whom shares a birthday with her.
i had flowers and buttons on the top.
* package of jump rings
i feel very welcome when i get to the studio. it’s a warm friendly environment where i feel encouraged to learn.
the latest report confirms the accusation by larue of prescott made a month ago. prescott has not been charged by elections canada and the allegations have not been proven in court. prescott has returned to twitter the last two weeks but hasn’t continued blogging at his blogging tory affiliated site “christian canadian conservative”.
 amsterdam netherlands – heineken music hall
let me say a few words about each of these.
but is that really true? in josh beckett’s mind i suspect he’s worked his butt off at this game. he’s pitched through pain. he’s delivered in big moments. he was the pitching force behind boston’s world series. he’s endured the pains of the game the slumps the boos the insults the injuries. so he doesn’t want to sit in the dugout every stinking minute of every game … so he wants to take his mind off things on his day off by playing a little golf … so he doesn’t have the talent to entertain reporters and doesn’t feel like making the game look like it’s the most fun he’s ever had in his entire life … so he doesn’t want to perform seppuku every time the red sox lose a game …
before charlotte actually outgrows her cot i thought id better finish off her room well for that reason and also cause its about time i finally shared it on my blog.
plot julian’s cousin benjamin parker is rich and respected by london society but julian is the other kind of parker. empoverished and excluded because of his father’s debts and behaviour he has returned to england to forge his own reputation and to find a rich wife. yet the person he really desires is the young lord oscar woodhaven.
the christmas child ... lmn ... pm
distribution of free money from the centre he said contributes to the funding of militants and insurgents by governors adding that the current system which rewards less educated and lessqualified people who are politicians at the expense of hardworking truly educated youths.
outside the court the national secretary of the hsu kathy jackson said mr shorten’s move was “a cheap political stunt”.
time to get joe
you can toast the walnuts if you like to intensify the flavor. however i never bother with this and it still tastes great
information for you.
but the thorn birds is why no one has been allowed to call me meggie since .
antigod; antichrist (moribund records )
i never saw the videotape but i had wanted to do something to help ease her pain. i used clay to start a "survivor" series of art sculptures and jewelry. i wanted to show women going through the painful "cure" for cancer (chemotherapy radiation nausea skin burns perceived loss of femininity) that they are still beautiful and worthy of being happy. so each survivor necklace is handpainted with hopeful colors and they sometimes accentuate the missing appendage a portion of the sales goes to the komen race for the cure foundation. each cancer survivor goddess sculpture is shining with positive energy. each sculptural bust is thoughtprovoking and beautiful. mom appreciated the survivor series and proudly wore the neckpieces with many of her outfits. in fact "contemplating old wounds" won best of show at the valley sculpture artists art competition and an award of merit at the california state fair.
in . my mother was born in grand rapids mi to henry beamer and carrie
lm had a great time running around playing at the water edge. i thought to take splash pants but forgot to take her boots.
when we come together again we wish to focus our thoughts further on the topic of initiation. we will speak about the “gap” that exists between the path of probation and the path of initiation. so be it.
but weve stretched the consitution and its intent well beyond anything the drafters could have considered in the late eighteenth century. it is my belief that the westboro baptist church has intended all along to take advantage of the american preoccupation with preserving first amendment rights that they want to be martyred in the public eye that the whole reason theyve carried their protests to these funerals is in the hope that someone would lose their temper and attack them. i think their conduct demonstrates this as is evidenced by this from time
mr. graves has built an impressive media operation. in addition to the magazine the family business includes a bookpublishing house (he wrote the bestseller “how to succeed in business without being white”) two syndicated tv shows and business and lifestyle events. he also cofounded a privateequity fund with citigroup to invest in minority businesses.
nelle whipple and thomas walling each half a share. inhabitants wanting to
im so pleased with the solutions ive found for my ribbon and rubber that i want to share them with you but ive decided to do a whole series of how ive solved some of my craft room issues starting with this one about converting your rubber stamps from wood mounted to unmounted. thanks to the awesome new storage cases from stampin up ive started umounting all of my stamps and reducing their storage to about of the space they took before. this is possibly the biggest space saving change i could have made and i cant recommend it enough its also allowed me to store similar stamp sets together so i can plan my projects more efficiently.
somewhere on the web i saw a picture of gold scissors. i immediately thought of my purple scissors and how great they would look decked out in gold. so instead of running out to buy a pair i grabbed the painters tape and spray paint and got right on it i also grabbed some staples and paper clips and gave them a quick coat of gold. easiest diy project ive ever done and i just love the way they look in my pencil jar. you could easily switch up the gold for another great color of your choice
location neo psyhiko athens greece
is anybody out there?
i also really loved the two main characters in this book amy and elder and how the story is told chapter by chapter through their alternating points of view. it was easy to tell which pov i was reading from because they both had totally unique perspectives. i also loved that both of them could think for themselves amy was a spirited emotional character who refuses to believe that life on godspeed is natural and elder is constantly challenging eldest and his methods for controlling the ship. both amy and elder were very welldeveloped since they both had distinct personalities memories and histories. this made it easy to slip into each characters identity and get lost in their story.
so what are you waiting for go and dust off a cookbook or two and come back sunday.
oddly some of the best shots i got were on one of the most recent trips to the oppidum of ensérune which not only resulted in the blog post that was possibly the most fun to write of all of them this year but some really nice photos. part of it was because besides its hilltop location it was near a weird th century engineering project which looks like a ufo landingsite. in the annals of almostgreat photos this circle of light hit the circle in the valley moments before the shutter clicked but the wind had driven it on by the time the picture got taken. still a pretty nice shot.
i am a mirror that wants to incarnate
that am wouldnt work for me either as my
and then i hit the publish button.
john 
) i know repetition is a good tool for helping young children to learn but after hearing ‘the map’ song for the first time i never wanted to hear it again.
.viking queen
in one dark corner xu guan found a doublebarrel shotgun. he was unfamiliar with this style of weapon so he hefted it carefully. rust covered the barrels and action. the stock formed of what was once beautifullygrained wood was now dented and scratched. xu guan recognized the trigger but was unsure of the purpose of the lever on the top of the gun’s action. he pressed the lever to the side and the old gun’s break action opened a fraction of an inch. xu guan forced the action open farther and peered down the bore of the barrels. much like the gun’s exterior the bores were rusty and pitted.
i don’t want to hear about your periods and i don’t care about some girl who was at your school.
white traveled to more than countries including many dangerous areas in order to meet with and deliver aid to persecuted christians and to document their testimonies for christians in the west. he was in high demand as a speaker sharing stories of the many persecuted christians he met and worked with in his travels. just weeks before his death white traveled to china where he met secretly with underground bible school students.
over the days that followed my head swirled with the conversations from that night. i revisited the uberblogger’s blogs so wanting to emulate their strengths her humour; her coolness; her knack to say it like it is; and her ability to make us cry with words that move.
a group of jessica sanchez’s fans called themselves “blujays”.
after almost an hour on the bike its time to slow things down. i look at my numbers and decide which goal is my ending goal. i can either end at a specific mile mark or a time mark. or i can wait until the song on my ipod finishes. when its finally time to stop its like stepping out of one body and into another. everything slows down.
contest runs from january st to february so get those cameras running
first of all during the church ceremony we are going to be doing two things specific to the way weddings are celebrated in mexico (and spain and other latin american countries). first is las arras a little box of gold or silver coins to be blessed by the priest and then given to the couple. j’s parents told me about this when we first got engaged and said it was for good luck and prosperity. i’m certainly not averse to either of those things and i love the little chest of coins that they found in mexico for us. it’s like this one but in gold.the other church ritual is the lazo or wedding cord. it is basically a white satin rope lasooed around the couple’s necks to symbolise lifetime unity and marital protection. i could only find a cheesy photo. ours is sans flowers.
jesus made it so clear
how i actually learned to write the mechanics of it grammar and sentence structure and all that i have no real memories. i simply knew i suppose from reading so very many novels and poems ive never been *taught* how to write in my life. not one lesson from my mother. yet i obviously learned...
i just got off the phone with a friend who is like that for me and i hope
please pop by throughout the week if you have a chance because we will be posting more pictures of ash and updates on how he is settling in. thank you to everyone who wished us a safe journey i think everything went so smoothly for chrystal amy and myself because we had so many people and kitties holding good thoughts for us big thank you to chrystal for raising such a lovely boy i feel lucky to have him
to play along at use it tuesday you have to use mostly stuff from your stash.
my intention was never to make "it" sound anyway. i have struggled a bit with how much to share here. as i have mentioned before when i first started writing this blog it was for me and my daughter and no one read it. i wrote what i felt without regard to anyone else but as people started to read and as women started to come forward and tell me i was helping them i did feel a responsibility to be strong. i was in many ways strong but even on days i wasnt i tried to be. i think there are several posts on here that show just how "not easy" it has been for me. everything i have said wass honest and true but it isnt the entire picture of me or my life. i didnt write every single time i had a hard day. it hasnt been easy.
i find that each and every time that i am faced with these temptations i just repeat over and over again in my head “stay the course.”
the entries for my lbd contest are after the jump. this post will be updated as entries come in so you can all see the competition er entries and know what your number is for the random number generaterdrawthing. if you decide you want to change your entry you may up until the deadline. and you may want to check on your entry to be sure you sent me the right file etc.
“who are you?”
it’s only that i can’t come up oncue
amber stood there facing the hooded man her shoulders relaxed and her head tilted to one side. he wavered in her vision as he raised the knife and licked the blade. it didn’t scare her. her handbag slid down her right arm to the crook of her elbow as she raised her hand. she held it out to him palm up and blinked languidly.
cuddles.
please do not dwell on the fact that my designer paper is upside down because by that point i had an hour and three layers of splodge and die and resin and other goodies invested in this blessed tag and was not about to go back to the drawing board oh no i think it adds a certain "aloofness" dont you think? a certain "je ne sais quoi". ooooh where is my beret and jaunty scarf?
in another travesty politically correct toadies allowed the ritual slaughter of an american eagle as a tribute to ethnic diversity thus granting hunting rights to new aristocrats while declaring such rights off limits to the rest of us commoners without the proper bloodlines and religious rituals. one is reminded of the hunting rights for royalty declared for instance by henry viis first parliament in which made unauthorized hunting in prívate forests a felony punishable by death fine or imprisonment.
wow. days of photos and blogging. it feels...weird. but in a good way i never thought in a millions years id make it this far. im very much looking forward to another days and beyond.
ii samuel 
now bitter broom is sacred to a deity named babaluaye (bahbahloo ahyeh). he is the yorubanigerianfrocaribbean god of healing. however some of you may feel more comfortable working with his catholic guise saint lazarus. of course if you feel more comfortable working with another god of healing especially physical healing then please feel free.
globalists fear greece could exit single currency and stage a miraculous economic recovery
id really recommend getting together with a few friends in order to save money on bulk orders. and ill definitely be organising a get together once weve all used our fabric. i love the idea of a group of women all surreptitiously showing each other their coat or skirt linings a bit like lefty from sesame street…
“well let’s hope she doesn’t spot anymore” says kim grimly.
for the meringue beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until they form soft peaks. add the cream of tartar. beat and then add sugar a tablespoon at a time and beat until stiff peaks are formed. fold the vanilla into the meringue and spread the meringue over the pudding sealing it at the sides of the dish.
ending on a rather thoughtful note what was that first person thinking who decided to eat this thorny creature? and how sad that artichokes are never allowed to reach their full potential...life is strange.
i got in
labour sc
he went and within weeks he was back to being potty trained. we were thrilled we had a party we got treats we did dances. and now for months hes back to pooping in his pants again.
i am so happy its friday. we have so much holiday mischief planned at the casa c its enough to make the grinch smile. tonight we are going to the arboretum where they light the whole place up. its beautiful and magical and there are carolers and bonfires and hot drinks....its the best way to kick off the season all bundled up in the cold.
typhoid thrives in areas that do not have proper sanitation.
in making my card i had started off trying to incorporate polka dots...nothing. and then i thought about stripes...still nothing. since i do not have any yellow ink it was becoming quite difficult. so i ended up stamping my entire cardfront with background basics houndstooth in aqua mist. i added a ribbon flower that i had learned from laurie willison at soapbox creations. i used some scrap cardstock impressed with my sunshine ip to add some texture. thanks for looking and enjoy the hop
be warned i may be limited to haikus until further notice. this is not one of them. but… now that you mention it…
when you understand the message of grace you walk in the kingdom of god and the devil has no power over you
like job the main characters are left with no easy answers from god yet are strangely satisfied. there is no hint of what god’s purpose is throughout it all. perhaps in some way the beauty of the world is god’s answer to our questions. in job god responds to job’s question “why?” with a catalog of the created world. in the film the beauty of creation even in destruction is seen throughout.
keep it in the safe a place to store and keep valuables.
for new readers i had an unplanned inlabour unnecessary caesarean with my first baby. by the time i had the caesarean it probably was necessary however it was caused by a lot of interventions that were not necessary. if my body had been left well enough alone i would have given birth to my daughter.
where did the med supplies come from i hear you ask? from partners in world health a nonprofit that collects new unused perfectly good supplies thrown out at american hospitals. your healthcare dollars at work if the outside wrapping has been broken but the individual wrapping is still unbrokenanitary the supply cannot be used. if it’s last year’s model out it goes. partners in world health is basically a huge warehouse in scarborough me run by an rn who knows her stuff and she has enlisted other rns to collect all this stuff that would otherwise go into a landfill. she gets it sorted and inventoried and recycles it to other countries via volunteers who agree to take it. hey it’s not as though healthcare were pricey in our country or anything
there’s more. penguin — because they have you ‘signed’ — keep % of your royalties. and although the beauty of royalties is that they keep on coming in when your book sells in this ‘contract’ you keep on paying penguin.
my offer ended up being misconstrued in more ways than i will ever know. my boss accused me of every sort of deception. although it was understood that i was to handle all new business pitches and particularly businesses with large “franchise” possibilities and although i spoke to sales people and made plans for meetings every day somehow the issue of religion had cast my actions in a different light. i tried to explain why the pitch was even important. “churches are a perfect model for creating a national tv message with a localized tag. it’s exactly what our company is set up to do. i know if i go to the meeting i can get us the business. they’ll recognize that they’re in safe hands.”
that possesses the giant plains.
sandy v
one particular spot had such a profound effect on me in fact that it inspired me to begin writing a whole series of books. that spot was located in powell river british columbia.
the food arrived but i like the “food” seated next to us and not the food served to us. i tossed and turn in my chair so i can look at these guys but i still can’t get a good angle. thai and angelo was continuously talking about their travel plans next year… i just listened to their conversation. their words were just too superficial for me at that moment. finally i gave up peeking and for minutes i attended the needs of my stomach. i immediately finish my part and started tossing and turning again…total failure the food was not a big deal but these guys are my future.. my future “hada.”
hell grill no matter what the weather if i really want him to
it suddenly dawned on me that this ominous force has been in our presense since ancient days and as far back as the times when the ancient sumerian civilization was thriving. this multicultural civilization the first of its kind arose in the fertile tigriseuphrates river valley and was known in biblical times as the land of shinar (babylonia). the greeks later called this place mesopotamia. today it is known as southern iraq.
the danish kroner and stock market had now both collapsed prompting leaders of business and industry to act decisively to pull the country back from the brink. what exactly might accomplish this was unclear however given that the authority of the government itself had been greatly weakened.
i hope you will play along with us this week. its such a fun idea
i try to make a sonnet out of this school storage
~ darek bell
"aye and her most valuable trinket a pearl necklace given her by warrick. melisant will support her to say that you were the last one seen outside their room ere it was found missing. beatrix will then demand a search of the weaving room as well as warricks chamber and whilst there she will pull the necklace out of its supposed hiding place confirming your guilt."
maryse leclair materials engineering
actually this epiphany might fade by tomorrow morning but nonetheless i just want to write now. like a nap. or a song. “i’ll get back to work once this song is finished. i just want to hear the end.”
… grand strategy is the art of pursuing national goals in a way that improves our nation’s fitness to shape and cope with the conditions of an everchanging international environment. a nation’s grand strategy is about its organic vitality and growth … or in sun tzu’s words it is the “road to survival or ruin” over the long term.
here are some pics of the lamps
fingers trembling i scroll down in my phone contacts to “mom” and press the send button. perhaps i should tell her i didn’t answer because i just walked out of church i thought.
pinch apply even more pressure
the russet that finger paints westward skies
and hug her literally melt.my.heart
paredes diaz and poblador jesus g. barrera vicente hilado and araneta and araneta for petitioner.
antiterrorists imprisoned in the us send message to cuban women
no jesus christ
fruiteggie scraps
tomorrow is dday. all packed (ish) and ready to go wishes of luck and prayers much appreciated (particularly the latter) – going anywhere new alone is always a bit daunting and is especially so when there’ll be the language barrier and the stayinginuni halls (a new experience for me)
its great to be remembered....just like the alamo. )
we tried it and it was shared with our friends and neighbors because it looked so good. and what were we going to do with a whole cake for president’s day?
heartbreak city
psalm (new living translation)
although these are lovethemed they can easily be adapted to suit your needs. think easter birthday party and shower favors endoftheyear teacher gifts... the possibilities are endless. momenta has quite a large variety of themed products to choose from.
my friend e and i are friends for many reasons but there is this thing that we do. its a little about tuning into the same brain frequencies. i wont go as far as to say we know what each other are thinking but if i think a lot about something it seems as if he will bring it up. many times we have picked up the phone to call the other and it doesnt even ring. we are just there. i might call and ask to have coffee and he says seriously? i was just picking up my phone to ask you about coffee and vice versa.
the reserve is best known for its warblers (sedge grasshopper and reed) and there have been sightings of corncrake water rail and quail; its a stronghold of owls and hen harriers too and of polecats badgers voles and shrews. we saw none of these though im sure theyre there in numbers. even on good day i suspect its one of those places that you spot only a few species.
but that approach to storytelling she says “leads people to think a bit more about the story after the ending.”
i collected my new prescription and picked the tablets up from the pharmacy where i handed to the pharmacist the metoclopramide tablets i was prescribed the other week for antisickness purposes. i told him i was handing them back as after discussion and agreement with my doctor i wasn’t going to take them as they can give dystonia movements and as i already have dystonia i hardly wanted to be given additional facial movements the pharmacist looked very surprised.
they both loved their husbands very very much. both talk so openly about their husbands being their best friends. the loves of their lives. at the viewing for my childhood friends yearold husband she emphasized to her friends and family that we should never take our significant others for granted. ever.
my life is bittersweet. how are you going to love your life cherish what you have when you have never experience hardship when you have never experience the weakness you have in you? i am grateful that i am breathing hopping singing laughing. every second is important as we grow older every second. waking up in the morning is a gift everyday and good health is a luxury i am going to cherish this luxury and exercise to keep fit eat healthily and be happy you should only feel angry and dejected when you never work hard for yourself in your life if you have done all you could then smile because god will never give you something you cannot bear. when you feel that you can smile at every bad moments you are a winner at all situations and most importantly you have proved to be able to love yourself unconditionally.
and that is all thank you all so much for the kind words about my moms picture and my omis passing. every word helped me stay above the tide that was trying to pull me down. i appreciate your help and support.
after this initial descent into reverie it levelled out for a while. then he went uncharacteristically quiet.
in both cases theres a legitimate question to be raised over whether i should rewrite and republish heaven can wait but its a different question each time.
the whole story about why men earn more than women would include things like men taking the most dangerous jobs more willingness on the part of men to work longer hours or to move when required; but it also includes the fact that men do the jobs that are in demand and for which others are unable or unwilling to step up to the plate.
i really love how this card turned out. while making the card i thought to myself that it had been some time since i used the mat pack so i pulled that out to finish off the card. i think that the paper piercing give the card just the right touch what do you think? the card front is kiwi kiss which was then matted with chocolate chip. the stamped layer is very vanilla a color i always forget to use but thought it would look much better with the other colors i used on this card. the stamp set watercolor trio is in the current mini so it wont be around much longer very sad in my opinion as this is such a beautiful stamp set. the sentiment is from the set fifth avenue floral. my punched flowers were cut and pulled on to give them some dimension and then i added pearl halves and smooch paint to make them sparkle. the smooch paint was also added to the butterflies for more sparkle you all know how much i like my sparkle lol chocolate taffeta ribbon was used to finish off my card along with the punched edge.
oh and thanks deb from cobleskill for stopping in at the studio with your husband and son........we enjoyed meeting you. its always nice to put a face to my blogger friends. hope you enjoyed the tour
the downfall of our ego is the fact that as much as it loves to sabotage with negative thoughts of how “unworthyother label” you are it also loves to praise itself for how “awesomespecialinsert other label” you are. then it will make comparisons to other events people… etc etc. if you had a friend that was as undecided as your ego is about its opinion of you you would probably deem that friend as mad and run as far away as you could))
. rockaway
no….i have to get back before i get in trouble (for passing out in your driveway).
the wikipedia article on this specific issue provides reasonably accurate information but it also omits certain truths. i’ve branded this as a semilie because this was in fact the main cause of the protests or to put it more precisely it was the catalyst the communists (satan’s cronies) were waiting for
halpern said that while women do most of the ‘caretaking’ jobs such as childraising or helping the elderly the inequality will remain. but she added that on the other side society was losing many talented men on the domestic caregiving front.
a few minutes later she points to a house up ahead "there it is the one with the white fence." i turn into the driveway carefully trying hard not to hit the gateposts trying hard to sneak a look at the house.
i knowfighting a battle for our hearts seems more like something out of a romance novel than an article on rules of engagement. but if you and i are going to move through the losses of life we must devise and be intentional about executing a battle plan to care for our hearts after losses assault. in other words we must learn the rules of engagement.
he was so good we decided to take a seat and have a refreshing beer whilst enjoying his singing. we took a short video of him but for some reason blogger wont let me upload it so ive put it on you tube and you can seeear it here.
all of our design teams inspiration is listed above along with inlinkz. this challenge will run until sunday may at pm cst. and for an added bonus we will be looking for some works of art to spotlight
my oppressor.
some girls just dream of having that perfect fairytale wedding and when the time finally comes to make it a reality they are suddenly scrambling to find the ideal favors and decor to bring it all to life. whatever you envision for your magical event fairytale wedding favor ideas that match your reception theme can really enhance the look and feel of your event—and we have them for you.
...but what else is new?
add food writer john thornes books to this elite list. i was first made aware of his work many years ago by my bibliophilic friend myra who asked me to keep an eye out for thornes books. after at least a decade i had yet to find any such titles in my shop or out book hunting until one day when i was on a holiday in great barrington massachusetts at yellow house books and spied a copy of outlaw cook (ny farrar straus giroux ) a collection of food essays written with his wife matt lewis thorne. i snapped it up and devoured it with great pleasure over the next several weeks and am waiting to savor another of his books mouth wide open which is at the top of my bedside room reading pile.
stephen king or chistopher moore could loquaciously wax on about the smooth taste of crown royal or the suave sexiness of amaretto and then at the end of the commercial say with a crooked grin"what you think i come up with all that crap stone cold sober?"
i forgive myself that i have accepted and allowed myself to become preoccupied by an experience urge desire yearning within myself for relationship and sex and not ever question this experience urge desire yearning and thus just accept this experience as valid and normal and go along with it. not asking where it came from and also determining if it in fact actually support life and thus i forgive myself that i have accepted and allowed myself to exist as a conduit of abuse.
i woke up the next morning with a sizable bite on my thigh. of course nellu didn’t reapply any deet but i got bitten. and the culprit she had passed out on the mosquito net. she was so drunk off my blood that she didn’t even flinch nellu came in to smash her – leaving a blood stain on the net.
terry pratchett is above anything else a writer. he has long been one of my favourite authors in the world. he makes me laugh he makes me cry (more crying) he makes me think how damned clever he is and how i wish i could construct the kind of punes he does without looking like a complete fule. he also happens to have alzheimers. hes made coping with it jokes about thatat the beginning wondering "what kind of vegetable would i be?". now as the condition progresses he is confronting his own endand how he would want that to occur.
these days i get frustrated whenever i do experience intense anxiety. it is like a "thorn of the flesh" that keeps popping up. i will think i have finally surrendered my entire will to god and then a longterm crisis will bring out the anxiety again. i feel like i failed the test. but just this morning i found encouragement. i was reading davids psalm which he wrote when he fled from absalom. (psalm ) and i thought here is davida man after gods own heart the one who defeated the giant goliath the one who won many victories for the israelites the one anointed with the holy spirit and anointed to be king of israel and he was fleeing for his life. eventually the lord lifted him up and gave him the victory. then i thought of elijah who was also used mightily by god and then fled for his life because jezebel threatened to kill him. and god spoke to him in a still small voice. (there are other examples of failures after successes in the bible and then the lord comes in and saves them when they cry out.)
. a recombinant microbial host cell comprising heterologous dna molecules encoding polypeptides that catalyze substrate to product conversions for each step below i) pyruvate to acetolactate; ii) acetolactate to dihydroxyisovalerate; iii) dihydroxyisovalerate to .alpha.ketoisovalerate; and iv) .alpha.ketoisovalerate to isobutyraldehyde; wherein said microbial host cell produces isobutanol; and wherein a) the polypeptide that catalyzes a substrate to product conversion of pyruvate to acetolactate is acetolactate synthase having the ec number ...; b) the polypeptide that catalyzes a substrate to product conversion of acetolactate to dihydroxyisovalerate is acetohydroxy acid isomeroreductase having the ec number ...; c) the polypeptide that catalyzes a substrate to product conversion of dihydroxyisovalerate to .alpha.ketoisovalerate is acetohydroxy acid dehydratase having the ec number ...; d) the polypeptide that catalyzes a substrate to product conversion of .alpha.ketoisovalerate to isobutyraldehyde is branchedchain .alpha.keto acid decarboxylase having the ec number ....
thee mighty caesars caesars remains
there over a period of time in foreign languages mainly asian and arabic were inane remarks with links to other sites.
really? the baltimore orioles? one of four teams i figured would have a legitimate shot at losing games this year?
at the moment we are in discussion with several publishers for different markets across the world including the u.s.
of course the repro was the blue box. to our then th century gaze it was small neat tidy. and so pretty
the surfboard "id rather be surfing" piece old wax still covers the surface just perfect for some graffiti.
it is a vicious circle exercise get bad rls take sleeping tablet wake up exhausted too tired to exercise lay around eat comfort food feel badnxious get rls.... it goes on. i am going to talk to the doctor about it on friday. now that i know that my thyroid function is fine (my blood work came back all good) i can now look into this issue.
saameira is that what you really want?
 minutes is s of an hour… so to find the average speed you would need to get . miles in minutes
last week was a great week overall food was great. i had a slip with some chicken vegetable soup on thursday. i made a huge pot for work and brought home the leftovers for our dinner. i had too many servings. calorie wise it was an okay dinner but it was way to much sodium for one meal.
we are a picture seen only from the inside.
abby has been such a sparkle in our lives. while i may be just slightly biased i honestly think she is the most smiley baby i have seen. she is always smiling and laughing. she is so happy and gets excited about the littlest things she is kind and says the sweetest things like "thank you mama" and "oh my goodness" and "i sorry mama" (even when she didnt do anything wrong). she likes to sing and spin around and dance. she likes to be funny and make jokes. she loves to play with her sister and grace is really so sweet with abby. she is such a joy
"thirteen."
so after all that i do actually have a card to show its one i made for the sheer clothing challenge. ive tried to colour a couple of sheer frills on tildas dress you can still see the red dress through the sheer panels. i did this by colouring the bottom of the dress in copics then used the same colours roughly on the upper parts of the dress leaving some white areas then used white polychromo pencil on top of the whole sheer areas. the sleeves are also sheer you can see her arms through the fabric. well this was my first attempt and definitely an experiment i hope it passes muster. there are more sheer colourings from the dt on the gallery.
it was nice to list all those food things. they made my mouth water. and dream of summer.
 c. cranberry juice
leaves you smiling. unsuspecting.
cali girls last customers tonight were a couple of weirdos. one of them was wearing one of those round wool rastafarianwannabe hats and stank of weed. his girlfriend looked like a soccer mom but was speaking absolute gibberish. i seriously walked by and she was looking intently at the guy and saying “gnarble garble larble barble.” what the fuck? i had to go in the back before i burst out laughing.
bounce up to the top picture and look at the cheetahs face it all makes sense.
more importantly though he uses his own first hand experience of seeing the jackson five perform a showcase at london’s (now defunct) talk of the town to a handful of carefully selected media folk back in the seventies and how he and the late – and equally legendary – john peel sat together awestruck – at which… we shared looks of amazement as the group went through the fully choreographed routines of a motown act providing a platform on which jackson demonstrated every ounce of the gifts and the potential that would make him by the end of the decade the biggest attraction in the world of showbusiness the star of stage shows of previously unimaginable lavishness.
. intervention
becoming minimalist
after a long bout with upper respiratory and a eye infection(requiring pulling the third eye back four times a day for meds for weeks) nellie is finally well and with her new mom today. nellie (now known as ava) will return next month to be spayed. we are happy.
the castle was a closed world like a great granite mausoleum full of the moldering bones of generations of men and women from earlier times in their shrouds of slowly disintegrating gray silk or black cloth. it enclosed silence itself as if it were a prisoner persecuted for his beliefs wasting away numbly unshaven and in rags on a pile of musty rotting straw in a dungeon. it also enclosed memories as if they were the dead memories that lurked in damp corners the way mushrooms bats rats and beetles lurk in the mildewed cellars of old houses.
it’s a very easy recipe and procedure to make some very delicious treats. i think one of the best things about them is that they are made out of stuff everyone usually has at home. they aren’t timeconsuming and they are perfect for breakfast a snack or even just a cold day. i love to curl up with a scone and some hot chocolate or espresso. these little puppies are so versatile that they are pretty much impossible not to love
this recipe was something that my dad requested i make while i was home. i think he meant to make it but then when i came home he had me whip it up – which i fully took on the challenge of salvaging our pears that were a little more than ripe. it is from the gq november edition.
“i guess.”
why did it take a song with lyrics that flooded my heart…
 nations
i guess by staying i am letting myself be a victim. i am being a martyr. i am letting him continue to be emotionally abusive to me. being nibbled to death by a duck. one senseless little zinger at a time.
did a lot of stupid things not a care.
after all we are not shopping for shoes or jackets in my case it’s just fuel and something no one should even think about what or who the company looks like thats supply’s it..
in but sales were disappointing and mrs miller disappeared from the spotlight. sadly elvas apartment building collapsed in the northridge earthquake. she moved to a convalescent hospital in vista california where she passed away in .
dracula gets back into his old routine by chowing down on the daughter of one of the local yokels. however the villagers feel the need to nip this latest outbreak of vampirism in the bud and set off for castle dracula flammable objects in hand. the village innkeeper (hammer stalwart michael ripper getting unusually good material) boldly launches the assault on the count’s stronghold by walking up to the front door and ringing the bell. luckily the villagers’ cause is helped by the fact that manning the entrance is dracula’s dogsbody klove (patrick troughton in a wig and makeup that makes him look rather like liam gallagher’s granddad) who is an idiot. klove obligingly lets them in and they proceed to set fire to a few bits of the castle but don’t actually bother looking that hard for dracula himself. (the damage to the matte painting of the castle seems to be much more severe than to the actual set.) feeling the job has been done the villagers toddle off home only to discover that all their womenfolk have been killed by rubber bats on strings despite taking refuge in the church. blimey.
opening with strummed guitar and jonathan richman punk rock nephew croon about not wanting to go outside because its too cold and theres no sunlight"in the wintertime" then kicks into swell mapsian diy downstroke chug. a twinkly toy piano adds accents that resemble how the snow sparkles at dawn after a super frigid evening. sure that always looks pretty but anyone who deals with it knows that doesnt necessarily mean the blanket of white stuff covering the ground is all soft and fluffy. it could also mean its hard and crusty and has left patches of those son of bitches all over the streets known as black ice.
all the roads we travelled on were dual carriageways and made for a very comfortable ride.
since our last post in july... i know... i know... july was a long time ago being today is september st. please forgive me but temporarily being a single parent with not a lot of extra help keeps a woman pretty busy lol. as soon as i sit down im falling asleep. hee hee
ayr i admit that was a bit of a fat pitch. i wouldnt expect kuntzman to have discomfortyoure supposed to shrug those things off professionallyand editors are not supposed to see ads before publication (though i dont doubt it happens with more and more newspapers and magazines).
lloyd is known as the “hitler” or collectors. he plans to make his find the piece de resistance in his museum. sam and he meet with eli glinn president of effective engineering solutions inc. the meteorite weighs tons (the largest meteorite known is tons in the new york museum). palmer wants glinn to bring it to him.
k. makuszyński
although various sorts of violencerelated terrorist acts continue in pakistan and these have intensified in karachi yet sectarian violence which is part of the same game also needs our focus.
and sent to director natural heritage trust
from nordstrom
the paper used for the tag is a combo of ctmh and stash. i used a combo of hemp cord and twinery lemon drop to secure the tag to the bouquet. the leaves are cut using leaf cut at .in using dcwv latte stack. im not sure how many i cut just a lot.
the way you underestimate
the centers remind me of trumpets blaring and voices rejoicing.
start over. focus on plot. if youre having trouble figuring out what the plot is the problem is not the query letter its the novel. youd be surprised how often that happens to writers.
over the last maybe or weeks shebas been developing a bald spot on her right side toward her back leg. we didnt think anything of it at first maybe she was just losing her winter coat especially fast in that area or something but as times gone by and its gotten worse were starting to wonder whats going on.
it was a good year but im ready to move on to 
and that’s been my week. stumptown comics and some nature walking should round out this weekend. how about you guys?
the tornadoes and violent storms that ripped through states left “major major” trails of destruction in their pathes.
in the brief moment she could use her phone she managed to speak to moo yul’s manager and tell him where they were. he comes to save them and all is well in the world again.
in this review kiberd looks at second readings from beckett to black beauty by eileen battersby (liberties press). a voracious and enthusiastic reader battersby looks back at books she first encountered at a younger age. kiberd writes
so our little bundle of joy (olboj) is technically due tomorrow. however i doubt hes going to be here before the end of next week. im just lucky that way.
it’s a show of confidence and respect that i’ve been assigned to be the inside nurse and let me tell you i was both proud and raring to prove myself worthy. each time it’s worked out very well. it helps that i’m friendly with pretty much everyone at work and get along very well with the veteran nurses that often lead the teams. it’s great experience and i look forward to doing it in the future.
“you know like a hammer and a wrench or something. working guy tools. that’s the avatar i want. i’m positive.”
**and know that you are not alone in this**
here is a birthday card to share with you. love the little bit of embossing it looks like lizard skin. this cute sentiment came with the lizard stamp. age is only a number... and on the inside mine in unlisted.
two younger students asked if i was their teacher
level recovers hp and mp every seconds.
this is a great — but sad horribly tragic — article about some dear friends of ours who live in this community. we attend church with them in plymouth and have grown to know them and their children very well. i love them very much but regrettably i’ve not had done as much as i would like to support them following this loss. still i can let them know that their pain is never completely out of my mind and that i hope others can learn and grow from this horrific incident.
most mornings on my drive to work i notice crows out in the middle of the road pecking at a dead animal. i always yell at them. “ewww don’t eat that.” that just really bothers me. i mean why eat dead rotting corpses? who does that? well obviously crows do.
~ from “the name of the rose” by umberto eco as translated by william weaver.
“we have deputed a team of experts to conduct an inquiry to ascertain the reasons behind the unnatural death of fishes” deputy chief minister b m lanong said. while the report is expected to be submitted within this week the dycm who is also in charge of mining and geology did not rule out the possibility of exploratory drilling for uranium in upstream areas of the river. government scientists also feared that the fish were poisoned either by miscreants throwing poison in the river or unscientific mining.
chef stefano described the artichokes frittata as similar to "scrambled eggs". i have to say the method of preparation is extremely intriguing it was my first time seeing eggs first fried then blended and put through a whipped cream dispenser before being served with steamed artichokes and croutons. this really is contemporary italian cuisine.
"no lesson is valuable which does not promote selfactivity by making the child think exercising its powers of narration or reproduction or laying the groundwork for some future mental habit making the idea given a wellspring of activity."
he taps his blinding boots.
and do you know what else? it reminds me why i love being part of the blogosphere. how privileged am i to meet all of you amazing people and to share in your adventures as we make our way down this crazy and otherwise lonely road we call writing?
 words.
happy years babe. thank you for who you are. i love your energy and how you balance me out. you are smart and funny and charming and creative. you make me laugh and you hold me when i cry. you are my other half. im going to miss you like crazy but i am also so proud of you and i think you are pretty amazingly brave.
when saturday february am
one young gentleman (a very delicate porker with several straws sticking about his nose betokening recent investigations in a dunghill) was walking deliberately on profoundly thinking when suddenly his brother who was lying in a miry hole unseen by him rose up immediately before his startled eyes ghostly with damp mud. never was pigs whole mass of blood so turned. he started back at least three feet gazed for a moment and then shot off as hard as he could go his excessively little tail vibrating with speed and terror like a distracted pendulum. but before he had gone very far he began to reason with himself as to the nature of this frightful appearance; and as he reasoned he relaxed his speed by gradual degrees; until at last he stopped and faced about. there was his brother with the mud upon him glazing in the sun yet staring out of the very same hole perfectly amazed at his proceedings he was no sooner assured of this; and he assured himself so carefully that one may almost say he shaded his eyes with his hand to see the better; than he came back at a round trot pounced upon him and summarily took off a piece of his tail; as a caution to him to be careful what he was about for the future and never to play tricks with his family any more.
oh time enough when the blood runs cold
maya angelou (rudolph) hosts her own punk’dstyle show in which she puts a pie on the chair of morgan freeman (pharaoh) sets up cornel west (thompson) with a trick briefcase and poses as a cop telling stephen king (hader) that his car just got towed. however none of the pranks are anything more than whimsical and none result in the victim’s anger or embarrassment – actually they end with a significant level of mutual respect and proud upstanding speech.
event start date now
but on we go tomorrow is another day and in spite of it all i am looking forward to seeing what happens next. it a tough go but nothing has defeated me yet so this won’t either. their is only one man in my whole crazy life that was able to bring me to my knees and that was god’s son. for him i will forever stand.
why did bobby drop out of high school? did he foresee that he wasnt going to pass? did he fear being embarrassed before his peers parents and more successful siblings? perhaps he was on a frantic hormonedriven quest for independence and freedom. maybe he was looking for a circle of companions where he could fit in under his own terms. there are many possible reasons why bobbys life ran off the track. none of them are his parents fault.
. this week i relearned to stay very calm. i really was a good girl i didn’t freak out i didn’t give a spiced answer and i even forced a smile when the tw@t of a dermatologist laughed and said ‘oh is this your first child? he he he that’s why. and eczema has nothing to do with calcium deficiency. no he he. but here in the tropics a lot of children have skin problems. it may go away eventually. and your son is looking fiiiine.’ sure now that the eczema has gone – because of the calcium supplement and wet wraps – he’s fine. he wasn’t fine though when i scheduled the appointment a few months ago.
for not noticing all these signs
maybe both of us are dreaming?
however to state the obvious the term coconut is derogatory at least the way intellectual memela uses it. “there are many coconuts or nonwhites — that is blacks who aspire to be whites — who confuse skin colour with blackness. these coconuts always complain that they are being made to carry the burden of ‘blackness’.” this is the most interesting conundrum “who confuse skin colour with blackness”. i realise in his own studious thoughtful manner our intellectual is trying to make a case for a specific black identity which he never defines. but the very attempt to do so subverts the fact he says “authentic blacks” (whateverhoever the hell they are) cannot be racist. a nonracist is one who does not discriminate. so “authentic blacks” (one readily assumes memela is one) would not accuse other people of being “different” or “coconuts” as they are nonracist and do not discriminate. contradiction after contradiction.
here’s the deal when i ask someone how they are i personally don’t care how busy they are if i wanted to know how busy you were i would ask how busy are you. when someone tells us that they are busy the underlining message is they don’t really want to talk to you and even if that is not the case it still seems that way. busy is a good thing and it’s great to be busy but going around telling me that you busy and that is how you are doing you are missing the question. to many times do i get the response that they are so busy with work and extra stuff news flash we are busy in our normal lives doesn’t mean you have to respond that you are busy.
gone are the mealtime pills the biggerthanaprenatalvitamin pair. well have to collect the leftover supplies from school her best friends house and the pastors pocket.
corn flour and water mixture as gravy thickener
today as we draw ever closer to that transcendental object at the end of time toateot humanity represents the cutting edge of complexity. the whole process is one of moving towards complexification his novelty; our fusion as one consciousness; the omega point.
he may have been chairing the event but overseeing it was the massive headed brewing overlords from magic rock brewing rich and stu who were linked up via skype to the event from their huddersfield base and cast an imposing yet benign orwellian shadow by dint of their huge faces being projected on to the screen behind the assembled panel. it provided much mirth and merriment for those watching it on the live feed and tracking it on twitter.
waiting... parsnip
the second reveal was team adam katrina parker vs tony lucca. last night i enjoyed tony lucca but katrina parker was my favorite singer. adam split his points giving katrina – ; tony – . the reason? i didn’t really understand the reasoning. it made no sense to me. it was weird. i guess he feels a connection with tony but he feels she is still incredible. adding america’s vote katrina – ; tony – . so tony advances. if the coaches didn’t have a vote america’s vote would’ve stood alone with katrina – and tony – . crazy. congrats to tony.
if it was feasible possible or in all reality if i were able i’d drive there tonight and sit on the beach. i’d take off my shoes and soak my feet in the cool water. i’d lean back and gaze out at the expanse of the river allowing the gentle lapping of that shimmering water against sand to ebb and wash away the dust and worries of everyday life.
for the move blogging would be too tempting for me to spend more money.
shred zucchini by hand or in a food processor and set aside (if it is wet blot it dry with a paper towel).
recipe 
alongside their app autocar magazine have a popular website where you can download the latest weekly issue of autocar for £.. this is in addition to the print magazine which you are able to buy on subscription or from your local newsagent or supermarket.
this year in our homeschool we have been studying the book by apologia exploring creation with zoology land animals of the sixth day. it has been so much fun to study this book.we have learned so much from it. animals have always been a huge favorite for my son so he literally begged to read this each day.
and then another unhinged female personality by the name of gofra schvulkopf a frigid tv chef who gets high on potpourri dresses like “minoy spok circa ” advocates taking “laxatives and amphetamines” and is perpetually in an “ever expanding campaign for publicity”. she resides on mars away from all the middle earf hampton bitches draws inspiration from blue green planet – which makes her feel like she wants to “get fucked by a suicide bomber” on top of a refuse midden in staten island and has aspirations to setup a urinelemonade stand and go into manufacture of pumpkin toilets. the characters and there are several others among the faecesobsessed kinfolk are a barbed metaphor for our own skewed values just as “hideous exuberance” is a mishmash of satire and commentary on postmillennia (american) culture written in finelyhoned derisive jargon. the novel holds up to scrutiny the absurdities of modern day life by employing reductio ad absurdum and pronounced exaggeration of stereotypes and cultural customs. bird demonstrates with considerable humour that at the core of almost every institution every deed and thought rests moral relativism and a fine mound of shit. this in turn is portrayed through droll absurdist hodgepodge sketches of life in a subverted reality and once the plot gets going the story takes on the form of derangement jumping along from foray to foray in an orderly chaos of needling intensity.
you’re technologically impaired. examples
off to stonehenge
richness of my past
"blood transfusions. tell me this jack. do you believe that life goes on after death?"
end political correctness now
everyone has seen this film so it doesn’t need its own standalone review. i saw about half an hour of the original film the other day and a few things occurred to me.
and made this in record time.
by using an nec phone to support jacksonville business owners a number of options that could hinder a businesss reputation. customers are often turned off by ineffective phone systems prevent disconnected calls incorrectly routed calls and an ultra lowpower media system processor that delivers rich multimedia and video playback of up to one million. it is going to assist the nec mobiles e to communicate their needs. this will assure you gain or keep their business. the correct phone system you purchase. they are light thin and can be upgraded to handle extensions but has smaller mailbox capabilities by default. there are three key lcd display is capable of delivering a long service lifespan of between years.
and made the moves
sharkstores ships to any address in the united states and its territories. this includes alaska hawaii puerto rico the us virgin islands and guam as well as all us armed forces addresses worldwide. and yes lulani that includes lana’i hawaii’s pineapple isle.
womens sweaters sweater wraps with sequins and beads now are a pretty common sight with women of all ages. depending on how they are worn you can look pretty stylish and elegant in them. youngsters prefer to wear them with something short and make a style statement with them by wearing them at social events rock concerts and other such mass appeal events.
very soon i am taking a class on norwegian flat plane carving with an instructor that i have admired for many years. on the last day of the workshop we are supposed to showcase some of our carvings to the public. i hope to have the lady slipper finished and painted by then)
hello there blends ive been on leave from work for days and only had a small amount of time in the craft room i have made some dt cards in advance so im ahead of the game there. sorry this has ended up quite a long post cut to the chase and scroll to the card if you like
as he did what he was told.
anywho here is the video. hope you enjoy
josh t pearson – sweetheart i ain’t your christ (electric version)
came across your blog recently. you’ve offered real sound advice to some exasperating life situations. i hope your services can be made accessible for me.
the nursery is coming along nicely. we have one winnie the pooh mural done and the other should be completed this week. my plan is to post pictures next weekend.
genre teen fiction horror & suspense
‘but there were also false prophets among the people even as there will be false teachers among you who will secretly bring in destructive heresies even denying the lord who bought them and bring on themselves swift destruction. and many will follow their destructive ways because of whom the way of truth will be blasphemed. by covetousness they will exploit you with deceptive words; for a long time their judgment has not been idle and their destruction does not slumber.’
the clerk behind the glass counter already had his hands in the air. sonny looked up and saw the blackandwhite video monitor above the door. fucker had seen the whole thing. he was waiting for them.
in december a federal grand jury in los angeles indicted lawyer david tamman on criminal counts related to helping a former client cover up an alleged $ million fraud. prosecutors claim mr. tamman changed and backdating documents removed incriminating documents from investor files and lied to sec investigators in sworn testimony.
we have twelve month guarantees
that is pretty powerful testimony to receive direct messages from jesus christ. there are estimated to be approximately . billion christians in the world about one third of the total population of the planet.[] the implication is that in this new posthuman renaissance man shall receive salvation and live by a new age religion and christ all programmed through the cia and the new world order.
the three allegedly ran a drug smuggling syndicate in the johannesburg suburbs of paulshof sandton and fourways as well as the pretoria east surburb of lyttelton between and .
i know i know – i need to put the book away but i think something in it grabbed me and won’t let go. i find myself thinking about it just about every single day.
now on to this weeks challenge... sassy peggy is our challenge hostess and were thinking spring here at sassy cheryls because thats the challenge theme that sassy peggy asked for this week.
in reply to me telling a friend of a friend that from adopted children will get the same priority as looked after children in the school system...."thats not fair why should your daughter get priority over mine?" "ummmm because shes had a much tougher start in life and needs all the help she can get....."
even with it the light so held it that it shocked us with its goodness straight
and that is the the lost cat poster theory. its a reminder to everyone and to creatives especially that the use of creativity in advertising is there to increase the effectiveness of the communication and for no other reason. creativity is not there for its own sake it is a means to an end. if a creative idea is getting in the way of the message or is an unnecessary flourish or muddies the point or is confusing then the person creating that advertising is letting their own ego get in the way of the job in hand.
that is what daniel said at wrestlemania his first wrestlemania as world heavyweight champion and then he was distracted by someone and within seconds that dream went up in smoke.
contest@gmail.com with "the orphanmaster" as the subject. make sure to include your name and mailing address in the us only. this contest is open to all adults over years of age. one entry per email address please. your email address will not be shared or sold to anyone. all entries including names email addresses and mailing addresses will be purged after winner is
to be fair one of these two guys (my ex) always had a little problem with the appropriateness of lyrics. when we were dating i made the mistake of saying that we should have “a song.” his suggestion with or without you by u. great song but i wasn’t thrilled by the implications of the lyrics so i rejected that option. his next proposal was i still haven’t found what i’m looking for. *sigh* he couldn’t understand why i was so upset about or why despite the fact that u is really awesome that he might have wanted to go with another band for that conversation.
there are seasons in our lives when we will mourn and have sorrow. but there also are times that are meant for joy.
) hang on tightly to your bags. due to my line of work i’ve heard many cases of people getting pickpocketed and losing their belongings in paris (notorious places include train stations particularly the paris north (gare du nord) and galeries lafayette). it would be a pity to have your holiday in the city of lights marred by an incident of pickpocketing or theft and to lose time and money trying to sort everything out later.
anyway then we had the exam. before the exam i saw chris with lottie again. they hugged but i assumed it was just a ‘goodluckhug.’ after the exam i walked with them to the carfax to get the exam. they were being unnaturally close. he was putting his coat on her when it was raining (cos it rained for minutes) and had his arm around her the whole time which was a little awkward for me. on the bus i sat next to parker (until he got off at manning’s heath) and sybie was on the seat next to us. although we did talk as a group lottie was mainly talking to chris and sat next to him after cowfold. i chatted to sybie about the geology exam how she had apparently failed her theory driving exam and in a whispered conversation about what we thought was going on with chris and lottie. she had the same suspicions as me. she had heard that chris and phoebe had broken up but i want some more solid evidence like facebook for example ;)
i once learned this phrase in one of my classes
howard repeats the list again and again and again throughout the book; the publisher richard marek repeats it on the book jacket. some people may find that tiresome. but howard did not want those names forgotten; neither do i. and so if some should find me tiresome so be it. they can switch to a different less tiresome web page.
introrectalgestation aka irg is one of the most brutal and young bands from uk.
is it even really local?
his food mr. campbell says would consist of fats and hydrocarbons. trying to get life energy from these sources is like trying to burn gasoline under water”it can be done but you need an awful lot of gas. therefore a venus man would have a grossly protuberant belly and heavy columnar legs to support his bulk. because his energy source is poor his movements would be lumbering and sluggish. and since he must eat such huge quantities he would literally eat himself out of house and home living a nomadic life constantly on the prowl for food.
right back singing plaintive songs
while it´s true that spain is home to some of the most acclaimed fashion designers designers such as manolo blahnik cristobal balenciaga and paco robanne spanish people care more about the quality of clothes than the designer. brands such as zara mango cortefiel adolfo dominguez and massimo dutti provide quality at affordable prices and prove to be very popular with this fashion conscious culture.
so there were gaps in my musical knowledge of (fully revealed when the first guinness book of hit singles was published in ) that id happily fill in years later a no. hit by the intriguingly named moments and whatnauts turned out to be the priceless girls with its bright yellow stringmachine chords and daffy sexist lyric. but much of it was a desert. my ignorance suggests the kids at school werent paying much attention either. clearly there was a pop deficit*. id occasionally hear something high in the charts and remain unimpressed bobby goldsboros lonely housewife murder ballad** honey made it all the way to no. just seven years after it had oozed its way to the same position in ; mud tied a lead weight around buddy hollys oh boy and somehow scored a number one.
they seem happy to survive
community other issues
well this long introduction was really meant to set the stage for the question i left you in my last blog. the pieces i remembered after reading parts of ecclesiastes was from one of my all time favorite poems by ts eliot love song of j alfred prufrock. i’ve copied the section of the poem that reminded me of the same form and repetition seen in ecclesiastes.
monday early morning weights arms shoulders chest and back
by the way ive changed the coent process to make it easier. youll probably still have to type in a captcha but you no longer have to have a google id or anything like that. so dont be shy i love comments.
put down your crude melting desserts of churned animals milk and embrace the glorious world of hightech flashfrozen treats ..."it seems to the ipkat that one way to gauge the ubiquity of the publics consciousness of a brand is to see whether it features in parodies satires and humorous pieces aimed at the general public. the dippin dots feature works well for us readers but the brand is little known outside its home markets (see the brands biography in wikipedia).
and while sean cant tell us we know today he says.......blues rock & go cards
in a latest post written in chinese yesterday mr goh attacked zaobao’s columnist yew lun tian for unfairly dismissing her ‘analysis’ as ‘illogical.’
in halton however lacroix said that the boards have begun to lease a neutral office location and since have been realizing more than $ million in annual savings from joint busing.
“they can come to make arrangements or if they don’t have any previous arrangements they can give us a call.”
im pretty sure that you guys have given up any hope you might have held for my return but guess what??? starting next week i am going to be back full force
ll that song is about when i was sick not so long ago. i was diagnosed with brain cancer and because of it there were these nerves that gave me massive headaches like every ten minutes. i couldn’t even shower on my own. they didn’t realize it was a tumor until a year after i’d gotten sick and didn’t know if they would ever be able to cure it. they spent a year giving me medication to see if it would go away but it didn’t. it was a really hard time but the worst was not knowing if they would be able to fix it. so that song was about how i felt when i couldn’t do anything. i had to quit my job and school. my friends mom a nurse was basically just taking care of me. then i went into surgery and they were able to take it away and even with the risks they were able to remove it without any damage so i don’t have to take any medicine now. i’m really lucky.
linby was almost hanging onto taras pigtails when she raced in with this beauty also for the lim challenge. oh wow dont the bright pinks work so well together and those little butterflies are adorable. theres a real knack of getting different shades of the same colour to work well together and you sure cracked it linby
a few days after estrada was ousted the philippine star reported that lim “urged all officials and employees of the dilg and its attached agencies to extend allout support to the arroyo administration.” lim who served as manila mayor from to sought to reclaim his old post in that year’s elections but lost to incumbent lito atienza.
and then they sneak out the window.
jeans stormy sky
to begin again.
lyrics post jump.
when i came across these polkadot flip flops % off at h*bby lobby
often when it comes to sex we get in our own way (in our modern culture and society) because there is so much social judgment about sex. it can take years for a person to let go of all their hang ups and actually discover their own individual sexuality. so if you’re the partner who has been worried about porn – perhaps it’s time for you to watch some (alone) to see if you actually do dislike it… or if there is perhaps something about it that works for you too once you let go of concerns or feelings of guilt &r shame – you may find that it excites you too. if so – problem solved if not so what? we’re complex creatures we’re not all wired the same so there’s no guarantee that you will become a porn lover… but there are lots of kinds of porn so perhaps there is a type that works for you.
i said bye.
he commented on female cab drivers and how there werent many. he said he was glad he had a woman today because most of the men drivers they werent nice to him. my prejudices could imagine that some cab drivers werent very nice to him. in fact they could imagine that most people werent nice to him. and if i had been around him for more than this seven minute cab ride i might not have been nice to him either. i felt sad for him.
*we ate a ton
snap. there goes my leash.
i have just read this brilliant article in the guardian and its given me thinking fodder. lots of it. it basically questions why britain is becoming a place of intolerance. the woman on the tram in croydon is cited as one example.
another late day of posting for me. i get so sidetracked with cleaning that i forgot how late it is. anyway i found these buttons that are buried in my room and finally putting them to good use. i stamped the stems and just added the buttons using glue dots. hope you like it.
a “perfect storm” of economic and regulatory factors is driving major united states utilities to rapidly switch from coal to natural gas as an electric power source the top executive of one of the nation’s largest utilities said on thursday.
.unschooled kids sometimes
the national statistics institute ine has calculated that half a million people have left spain this year of whom more than are spaniards. meanwhile the number of immigrants to arrive in and was down by more than %. the general subdirector of the ine considers that the exodus will continue until .
they had a blast. i had a blast.
you know i never really miss having a normal tv until i am sick. it would be fun to flip through the channels and watch the commercials. i havent watched a commercial in several years minus whatever i see on youtube.
after all of this contact some beta readers. you will need to come up with a list and some of the earlier sites mentioned like bookrix are good for this sort of thing. the other thing you can do is post some of your story for free on your website or blog and request feedback. these are general readers. the main question is do you want to keep reading the story? are you intrigued? is it entertaining?
although that actually isnt much of my book considering that its an extremely long words (and counting.)
why do we fill our shelves with knick knacks? is it to simply fill empty surfaces? why must they be filled? are we afraid of hurting someones feelings (by not displaying a gift)? is it to show off our wealth? is it to remember someone? is it to prove that we are educated and cultivated (shelves of books)? is it to escape our own reality ("this shell reminds me of happy vacation times")? is it to prove that we have been places and are wordly (tiki statuette)? the last three especially ring true to me.
giveaway closes november th@ pm (est) winner will be picked november th by random.org and notified by email a post will follow. winner will have hours to reply to my email otherwise a new winner will be picked.
that is good advice for anyone. when directed at people of color it reminds of the saying that womeneople of color have to be twice as competent as menhite people to be treated equally. if this is true that to be welcomed as equal womeneople of color must excel then that leads me a to a conclusion. the ultimate form of white privilege–the freedom to be mediocre.
witchygirl
envy is right behind pride in being the true engine of las vegas sin city. smaller and smaller bikinis are donned to the point of them not being worn at all in the topless pools because the race is on not for enjoyment of the sun on bare skin but for who can take it all off shake the most junk in the trunk or be the most outrageous and outlandish and garner the most stares from the men who pay $ or more to attend the topless pools to watch such antics which predictably go down every day all day. if you’re wondering why i went to the topless pool it was to see what went on there and my prediction was thoroughly fulfilled and because i knew it would be quieter as no kids are allowed there. the beach chairs were of higher quality there was more space and it is even better situated to the sun than the family pool (which is also enormous and loud). i enjoy a topless sunbathe whenever i can but i was not interested in joining this race so i kept my top on. i’ll find a quiet and secluded beach where removing my top is about being closer to the sun and the earth and all that is divine about our world and feeling that bake through my skin not about being closer to a guest spot on girls gone wild.
while land and water managers share overarching goals for the region—the conservation of species and the preservation of a way of life— federal agencies can be better partners to local communities by more thoroughly coordinating investments and authorities and by working with partners to describe a more cohesive landscapescale conservation vision. our focus in will be on strengthening that coordination where it exists and working across agencies and with partners to define a shared vision to anchor coordinated action in the years to come.
once when i was touring the country with a traveling stage show i was backstage talking with the custodian at a school where we were performing. he was telling me about some of the various entertainers who had performed there in the past and about some of their behavior. according to this custodians words the worst groups that came to play in this auditorium had been the southern gospel groups. he said that they behaved awfully and left all sorts of trash including many beer cans behind.
all together now "hello brandon"
. who is your anti relationship in ?
one night i took her to see a new play by a black playwright. it was a very angry play but very funny. typical black american humor. the audience was mostly black and everybody was laughing and clapping and hollering like they were in church. after the play was over my friend started talking about why black people were so angry all the time. i said it was a matter of remembering—nobody asks why jews remember the holocaust i think i said—and she said that’s different and i said it wasn’t and she said that anger was just a dead end. we had a big fight right in front of the theater. when we got back to the car she started crying. she couldn’t be black she said. she would if she could but she couldn’t. she could only be herself and wasn’t that enough.
their indiscretion at a mardi gras ball—the pinnacle event for mobile’s elite—forces their present wants and needs to collide with sins of the past.
last to help motivate charlie i gave him a mini notebook where he could earn stickers during each "session." he could earn them for using his best handwriting reading his very best and overall always doing his best. we then set goals when he earned stickers he could go get a special treat and when he earned those stickers we set another goal. positive reinforcement is so important when helping a child learn and be successful.
bottle sales at the gasthaus pub. for every bottle of omission pale ale and omission lager sold in the gasthaus $. will be donated. in addition the gasthaus will be featuring its new glutenfree menu all month.
as she gales
we feel so blessed.
“each song teeters beautifully between queen and the killers there ain’t no shame in this neoglam electropop game” (nme)
i’d like to begin this section of the excursus by drawing your attention to the work of jonathan z. smith–a renowned professor at the divinity school of the university of chicago about whom i’ve written briefly previously–in particular an essay that he wrote called “here there and anywhere” which was the opening essay of the excellent anthology prayer magic and the stars in the ancient and late antique world. (i’d recommend the whole anthology but anyway…?) smith’s essay suggests that in the ancient world and late antiquity one can clearly see that different religious phenomena fall into the categories of “here” “there” or “anywhere.” (i’ve also written about that previously.)
i’m not sure i was. in fact i probably wasn’t. i was planning to take the world by storm – solo. so when i met matt well actually … it was pretty darn amazing. but it was a little frightening too.
stand fast;)
behold i will make thee a new sharp threshing instrument having teeth thou shalt thresh the mountains and beat them small and shalt make the hills as chaff. thou shalt fan them and the wind shall carry them away and the whirlwind shall scatter them and thou shalt rejoice in the lord and shalt glory in the holy one of israel.
"great shag" he shouted to his smiling little friend
i also found the language in the article implying that our clients “buy” us to be extremely offensive. my clients don’t “buy” me. rather they pay me for work. my body still belongs to me and when i leave my sessions with clients i still have it attached to me. thus i’m not “selling my body”.
as i grew up life wasn’t as beautiful as it is today and many of the traumatizing issues arose as god begins to heal my heart and soul. when time of healing begins for most people who have been abandoned either literally by actual physical absence or emotionally—a parent can be in the home and not there for us—the abandoned child syndrome may remain years later showing up through insecurities and fears clinging behaviors or its opposite—walls to intimacy. many people in therapy or in a writingashealing classes discover stories that surprise them—stories about the mistakes they felt their parents made power imbalances in the family or stories about physical or sexual abuse.
a great meal meant to be shared. my sister and i enjoyed our dinner on her back patio. a beautiful meal a nice glass of chardonnay and great company – i can’t ask for more on a friday evening. even though i wasn’t in italy tonight this meal definitely transported me back to some of my favorite italian coastal spots.
it suited western ambitions to send in nato to support the rebel fighters despite western governments knowing full well that the rebel ranks were swelled with members of the banned libyan islamic fighting group (lifg) which contained previously wanted terrorists that had fought against the west in iraq.
dj gwange vinyl paradise (legend records)
twine or a small rope for the necklace
the center "straight" with the cards is a mini poster i bought at a yard sale for just this page. i started this page in august and could never quite get it how i wanted it. when the sketch for this week came out at lets scrap everything just fell into place. the red stripes are fiber paper that was crumpled and inked with distress ink. the " years" was cut with my cricut. i really liked the way it finally turned out
partial mash grains
how far along? weeks today
yes there is a story there and zephaniah is a big part of it. so much so that it is the topic of my next book a journal account of the incredible journey we have been on since leaving our beloved texas home which i look forward to sharing more about in the coming days. this passage is so meaningful to us that we actually wrote it on the foundation of our new home before the builders finished out the basement this week.
the baklava was lots of fun. so much so that i made two batches.
sauté the chopped shallot in the remaining butter. add the mushrooms and sauté. remove the mushrooms to the plate with the chicken and cover. add the white wine and sauterne and reduce by at least half till it thickens. add the demiglace and warm. add salt and pepper to taste.
im completely trying to ignore my depression. im pretending that i dont have it and that everything is great. i think thats the best way to deal with it. thats one subject matter less to talk about.
throughout history there have been leaders who have tried to dominate the world and all were successful to a point but failed miserably in achieving total domination. there will always be people who will refuse who will reject all attempts to shove something down their throats. there will always be rebels.
 was from the vampire ball books on the tables again
"do you think god makes accidents?" mrs. omara said.
add butter
you guys are my everything. im the person i am today because every single one of you have been a part of my life. you have supported brad and i since day one physically emotionally and in the case of the wedding financially. im so blessed to have such incredible people in my life and my day is going to be that much greater because every. single. one. of you are in it.
so i am opening this challenge up to you my blogging friends this is not a hard or timeconsuming project but something to establish and begin to build over the month of april.
so began a long relationship between a girl and a horse each one trying to outstubborn the other. we won a few ribbons and i got the satisfaction of proving that i could in fact teach that horse some manners. i also learned that i should have waited to brag about my bucking bronco until i was a good enough rider to stick her for at least eight seconds. what i hope the most is that i’ll have the guts as a parent to force my kids to get back on and fight when life bucks them off in front of god and everybody else. thanks mom and dad.
i got a pedicure today… my toes are bright red… they feel sexy a little naughty… they have special meaning to me… not telling that one… yet.
ervin vincent gailliard new york n.y.
so the offer is on the table sacrifice a few words to the comments section and were willing
heres mum at the mooring in the late s
ah one of my favorite movies ever i used to watch this all the time on tv (it was one of usas favorite movies for a while there too) and liked it as a fun action flick but when i watched it as i was older and was looking at movies in a different way i saw this movie in a completely different way too. this is a movie with a big heart and a very emotional story to tell its not just about guns and blowing things up or gary oldman acting like a psycho although that is always fun to watch. natalie portman delivers one of the best movies of her whole career even though she was only years old and it was her first movie. she and jean reno are beautiful together and they and luc besson the director created something very special with this movie. love it to death.
think that women’s studies and the opening of the literary canon mean that gender inequities in publishing are a thing of the past? check out these stats compiled by vida women in literary arts. the data which they gathered last year as well overwhelmingly suggest a disturbingly deep and widespread bias. although this caused quite the kerfuffle in literary blogs and in editorials seemingly little has changed within the last year.
raising eli has had its fair share of challenges thats for sure. but being his mom and seeing what a happy child he is even though he has so many challenges has been the most amazing thing ive ever experienced. i cant believe some of the amazing moms of special needs kids ive met along the way. moms who inspire me educate me listen to me and simply "get" me
being a counselor owning and operating a small recovery resource network and sharing my story of experience strength and hope as a vocation is as rewarding as it is challenging. there will always be those who question my motives and my method. there will always be more to carry out in a day than is actually possible. there is a constant gnawing though a spirit of discernment that confirms my being and doing exactly what it is i do. the motives and methodologies are really only the concern of my clients not the naysayers. i share what i know i refer when i can and i am constantly learning and growing as a business owner. mistakes come with risk and without risk neither i nor the company keeps the required growing momentum.
when christians lack strength god’s complete power wards off all the oppressions of the devil. are you experiencing “bodily annoyance”? christ’s power is there to ward off that annoyance… bodily annoyance can refer to nonstop pains sickness or constant turmoil.
after that i was like "oh yeah i am totally awesome at this" and went down again. only to freak out right at the end and plant my feet resulting in me flipping over flying in the air and face planting right in the snow. it hurt. and it was cold.
my mom told me today that a friend of our family slit their wrists. my first thought was "i understand."
best not to forget
in other news i have an exciting announcement to make some of you may know that i am a dealer at the old lucketts store i have been there for nearly years now and all things lucketts are near and dear to my heart. its an unbelievably fun place to work at and even more fun to shop at. however we only just have the one location so if you didnt live in around leesburg va you were out of luck ... until now that is
on loathsome creek and in poverty the people fashion their lives around their police scanners. everyone had at least one. scanners are in every home. and although it is illegal they are on every hillbilly hip and in every redneck car in the county. elizabeth knew that if she was to succeed in changing the way everyone thought of jerry she had to do it the right way. she knew she couldn’t fake anything. in order to make jerry’s reputation match the man she knew he was she had to keep her plan to herself. if she was going to make it come off without a hitch elizabeth couldn’t tell jerry what was rolling around in that thoughtful head of hers. she didn’t rush into anything. she spent time hatching her plan.
the longsuffering demon wiped his face as steam rose up from his clothing.
. my mother constantly rode grandpa about a $ debt he owed her. mom says she doesn’t remember this but my dad does. (really? $? really?)
my heart dropped a little.
why is mix automatically taking the uaf stance by simply assuming that the edl is the enemy and that an organisation run by violent and antidemocratic trots uafwp is their friend? what’s going on here? this is like aliceintrotskyland logic and politics. these regional newspapers and websites shouldn’t become the mouthpieces for the uaf by selling its counterdemos as something holier than the edl.
b) i dont have a car.
always got.
i see nothing wrong in anyone saying over me that name jesus that is above every name. they may lay hands on me in that name and they may immerse me in that precious name. i don’t mind at all. it is that name that saves. it is jesus who bled and died for me and no one else. i have nothing against that name. say it over me all you want.
same old scratching same old ‘unt
the weather was thick on the coast last night not only interfering it is believed with. the wireless communication from the liner to sable island but probably with its rate of progress to newyork whither it is heading.
and participate in the eternal dance of joy and suffering
i do like joe haldeman’s forever trilogy – forever war especially was a very interesting read especially in context with starship troopers (the book) which was written at a similar time. and then of course forever peace‘s “what the bitch?” ending was actually pretty funny… forever free though i just couldn’t get into. it was set in the same ‘universe’ as the first two books but it was more about setting the scene for certain events and people that you encounter within the first book and it just felt really disjointed and standalone – there’s barely any mention to the ‘forever war’ despite the fact that it’s supposed to be raging across the cosmos at the time. anyway enough of that – i have an announcement to make
“i kena chased out at clementi waited trains before boarding again. train came every min but it’s alrdy full to the door so what’s the point???”
gamaliel was himself a pharisee in the tradition of the great hillel. a generation before christ there were two great rabbis hillel and shammai. while this is a generalization many of the rabbinic debates of the first century come down to the opinion of hillel versus shammai. with respect to hellenism hillel was more open to hellenism than shammai and was therefore more open to cooperation with the romans.
it’s a masterpiece of s spoken word protorap that golden sunrise of hip hop when politics and real issues dominated the content of songs rather than materialism homophobia and sexism. it’s clever witty satirical and potent. enjoy.
i read another blog and think "wow that is way to many rules for me."
 meanwhile ()
for many decades omega watches have been the most popular timepieces for most people and the ideal item for collectors. omega watches are the best choice for those people who enjoy the power of luxury and want to show off.
the hatfields and mccoys are replaced here by the canfields and mckays and as the film opens the feud has been going on long enough that no one really remembers its cause. on a dark and stormy night john mckay is killed and in the process kills his canfield attacker. afraid for her infant son mckays widow packs him up and moves to new york where after her death hes raised by her sister in ignorance of the feud. when he reaches the age of majority willie mckay (buster keaton) returns to the family home to reclaim the assets of his fathers estate (if the run down house left by john mckay can be called an "asset") and immediately enters the canfield family crosshairs. he also during the train journey from new york falls in love with virginia canfield (natalie talmadge) who invites him over to her familys house for dinner. on his arrival at the home willie learns of the feud but he also learns that the canfield code of honor prevents any of the family from killing him so long as hes their guest. the solution obviously is for willie to just never leave the house.
a week later in the summer of we got a call from chris saying “we’ve got a booking. a place called the shillingford bridge hotel and it’s near oxford” that call was the start of a fun interesting and at times hilarious hobby which would ultimately lead to summer seasons. more about that later on.
i love being underwater. i truly witnessed a different world down there full of life and color. it really is a shame that i am not utilizing my padi certification and scuba diving more these days. i remember when i first started diving i was fascinated by all the different fish and coral in their varying sizes and shapes (i even saw a small shark once and swam away as quickly as my flippers would allow) but there is also beauty in the different slower pace of movement (at least for people) and the ability to stop and really observe everything around you.
combine banana oil and vanilla extract in a small bowl.
one émigré animal who certainly shouldn’t be repatriated is nico the gorilla who petulantly tossed away the flowers he was given on his th birthday and greedily wolfed down the fruit cake he later received. a gorilla that spoiled wouldn’t last five minutes in africa. if i ever dared to pour scorn on a gift from my females i’d be walking with a limp for the next three months.
the subject of this post is none other than this batch of two bowls chocolate chips muffins. as the name suggests these moist chocolaty treats are made using just two bowls. one for mixing up the wet ingredients the other for the dry ones. the content inside the wet bowl is then dumped into the dry bowl with a few quick stirs the batter is ready for baking. i bet a year old will be able to make this with little supervision.
we still have fantastic fun with omri following us everywhere. he can now follow us everywere in the flat; he has mastered the stairs so the cat has nowhere to hide (poor mog). since i last updated though we’ve been on holiday to cornwall with the family and little one got quite poorly with bronchiolitis so he’s missed two weeks of nursery.
remember the cosby show? maybe you’re too young to but whatever. it was awesome for us kids growing up in the s and even the s when the reruns were still on television.
she was still there when i came back in and she smiled. she was still there when the nurse came in wheeling my hubby who was ready to go home. she said goodbye. she hadnt shared what was wrong with randy and i didnt ask. some things are better left unsaid. i was glad she reached out to someone. its hard to face bad news alone. ive wondered how long she had to stay there and what thoughts were filling her head. ive said many a prayer for randy since.
because of its horn goldeen can learn many hornbased attacks. it can also learn waterfall by levelup even though it’s an hm move in most gens.
oh...and i realize i never did get around to posting more pictures from my san francisco trip after my third full day there...so those of you who dont follow me on twitter andr facebook havent seen photos of my bike trek across the golden gate bridge to sausalito or of my visit to the famous castro theatre (well other than the photo i included of its exterior in this artistic consumption log) or even of my day at the races in berkeley perhaps ill get around to posting some of those eventually here at this blog...once i find the time for it.
paper kraft cardstock blu raspberry and berrylicious poptone by discountcardstock.com
feels like there’s just too many things that i want to say
creative kuts and scrapping bug designs are offering an amazing couple of grand prizes also. creative kuts will be awarding one lucky winner a $. cash for their grand prize. scrapping bug designs will be offering one lucky winner a $. in free files. how about that?? isn’t that awesome
her face was always hidden by hair
pink food colouring
we fall under unschooling we dont do school at all. we live and learn period.
“i hope so child but your night must end at midnight. that’s when these spells shall end. so go fast – and enjoy every minute you can”
parmesan cheese to taste
this morning i made a mistake over shot my turn off....and drove a few blocks out of my way. circling around i happened on a garage sale. for no good reason i decided to go in.
* “stand firm against him and be strong in your faith.” ( peter nlt)
since physical pain wasn’t having the desired effect he took to playing mind games with her. he let her out of the box and told her that if she could make it as far as the road about a mile away before he caught her he would let her go. in her weakened state she was lucky if she’d make it ten feet. she stood there her muscles quivering from being atrophic hesitating. she knew he was messing with her but there was still that spark of hope that she might. she didn’t he tackled her to the ground like a defensive lineman sacking the quater back. laughing he raped her in the dirt then dragged her back to the box.
new old lompco pub & grill
executive law § regarding local land use programs uses "adoption" as similar to "enactment" rather than filing
she describes routine and unusual events of her life during the war concisely and without emotion or selfpity. once i became used to her style of writing i found the book a fascinating insight into the life of an ordinary yet in many ways extraordinary young londoner during the war. i would recommend it to anyone who is interested in civilian life at that time.
“look“ said ty “i’m not going to sit here and debate and argue whether malcolm x hated or didn’t hate white people. all i’m saying is literary works with the word “nigger” in it used in a derogatory way by a white guy who would have no problem calling a black guy a nigger in real life should not be listed as a classic. it degrades our heritage and this country.”
existence depends
hey... at least i never have to worry about being late for work if my alarm clock runs out of batteries.
i do have two more preschool finger print projects to share but those will have to wait until next week.
* researching government funding opportunities;
now you probably think i am so selfish to even pity myself for missing the hunger games. and you are right i am. but we all are and i try my best every day not to be. i’m just being honest with you here. but let me tell you i have a savior who loves me very much. he decided to let me have both.
first separate the eggs.
she recently added beautiful new pillow covers
after years i can finally say the halsteadarian is finished (well part is at the very least lol) having combined the original film the extra scenes i made for the directors cut (steam cut) its sequel the colne engine and the satellite pieces (the animated comic strip and the history of halstead) with some addition transitional scenes to make sense of the extras the ‘short’ now weighs in at minutes so at least half way there for a feature film.
mystery object shows up on radar and also the haarp ring forecast.
. stand (at the burning tree)
more on royalties tomorrow.
fiction or delusion?
i’ve been trying to do the lipstick thing and i try to put it on before i walk out the door…all the crazier colors get wiped off last minute because i’m not brave enough to wear them out yet. here are two lipsticks i have been wearing an awful lot though.
tribute is perfect name for an ale which bestows so much honour upon its maker.
forgetting me remember me
what would you have done? would you have waited around killed time drinking $ beers until you could play poker or would you have gone home and called it a night? last trains at am. its now.
see ya all very soon till then adios amigos.
no more legos
im not normally tired.i dont need much sleepi can manage on hours per night with no ill effects.having twins who were never in synch(still arent)but woke alternately every two hours for the first two years of their lives was the perfect training ground to cope with my current status.
“keep the commandments”
down the stream of memory’s resourcefulness.
introducing a logo that is so similar to another brand is surely not something we are likely to see happening anytime soon.
what is it they say april showers bring may flowers? in our case april brought unseasonably warm weather and very little rain which has been followed up by a super rainy may. like three straight weeks of rain. total blah weather. im a sunshine person i dont really care what the temperature is outside as long as the sun is shining. its a complete mood changer for me. so by the end of the second week of rain i was feeling as gloomy as the weather outside and desperately craving comfort food.
but in electric circuits power is represented in watts. watt is the function of both voltage and current. power in electric circuits is expressed as
wisconsin finding a song for this state was a pain in the ass. everywhere i turned there was state songs fight songs and nothing remotely artistic. finally i came upon bon iver and the aptly names “wisconsin”.
true. but what weve seen so far in terms of editorial slant and that probably wont change a lot when the new adweek launches on monday even if the packaging does is something that stands a good chance of abandoning the core audience in an attempt to attract new readers who could care less about cpms rate cards and who just won the novartis media account. (yes ive made this point before.) but there are loads of publications and blogs that serve those people ranging from gawker to the new york observers media mob to romenesko. even with the plethora of ad media and marketing blogs the mechanics of the media and advertising business isnt covered quite as closely.
when i left my last job roughly six years ago this month i had a decent sized retirement investment account stashed away. ofcourse the smart thing to do was to move it and stash it somewhere else and that’s exactly what i did. i requested a distribution and they sent me a check. the check went into another account. simple. except i got an ominous looking letter in the mail today from them with bold lettering saying “the state of georgia requires us to notify you that your unclaimedbandoned property may be transferred to the state if you do not contact us.”
i’m very positive about my weight loss… i mean it is not easy and i’m doing great at least i’ve lost some kg¡s and cm’s and i do feel much better i notice that my cloth is not that tight anymore and it just feels great. i had a some bad weeks but well that doesn’t mean i’m giving up that means i’ll be stronger and i’ll make whatever it takes to complete my goals
you dont get days out anymore. there used to be a car and mummy and daddy took you places with swings and slides. swings slides light through the leaves and being happy slip further and further away until youre not sure there was ever a world beyond beige walls with no pink to hide in to bear the slaps pinches and pushdowns that are your new routine. youre sure you remember your parents though and cry for them every day. you dont know the reason they cant come to visit is that now youre a hospital resident miles away from home and the car had to go because youre no longer entitled to the mobility component of disability living allowance and the motability scheme. mummy and daddy are getting older and they had to care for you instead of going out to work. you dont know theyre going cold and hungry now theyre unemployed not carers you only know that noone comes to see you except the people who hurt you.
 than a frozen one?
every morning i walk to work. i get up about fortyfive minutes earlier than necessary shower dress eat breakfast kiss herself goodbye and make my way into work by foot. it only takes about twenty five minutes but i don’t think i can start the day appropriately without doing it.
~be encouraged
an online launch party for the iron knight the fourth iron fey novel by julie kagawa has been announced. here’s the deets
the jews seem neither to respect god nor his creation. their own holy books contain the curse of god brought upon them by their prophets on account of their disobedience to him and mischief in the earth. we have seen the disrespect for religion displayed by those who consider themselves to be ‘god’s chosen people.’...there will be no justice until all the land is given back to its rightful owners... only islam can bring peace back to the holy land.
i will blog again in a little while. i have to get up at am. that is only . hours away and i can already feel the tiredness i will feel tomorrow. good night.
the incarnation is a difficult doctrine to come to grips with. by the incarnation we’re referring to the event of god becoming a man in the person of jesus of nazareth. part of the reason for this difficulty is because there is a whole bunch of technical terminology that is flung around that needs to be understood. and a lot of these technical terms refer to specific ways of understanding the incarnation that for one reason or another don’t express the way the bible speaks about the person of jesus.
*america live – (@ p.m. et)
so what is the immediate impact of this doubling to tripling of development costs? a publisher will have to sell + million copies at .$ simply to turn a small profit. a next generation homefront will likely cost between million dollars to make. while a big game like say mass effect could go for over million dollars which as warren pointed out simply cannot be sustained.
. write eleven random things about yourself.
glassware is the other decorative element that goes hand in hand with the côté sud look. i dont think i thought much about glass before provence but in the last twelve years i have become very fond of it in every shape and form. very pretty glassware is sold in the local boutiques and there are many vintage pieces to be found in the weekly brocantes. glassware dresses up our interiors....especially on table settings where the light bounces and plays with the surface.
i am ridiculously in love with it.
steve “silk” hurly jack your body us
*while watching bolt the cartoon movie today alana gets up to dance during the end song. in mid booty shaking she says "mama pretend i am the biggest rock star in the neighborhood."
the sound of cannons firing into the bay. the pirates hanging off the masts of the jose gaspar pirate ship. the smell of rum in the air.the eye patches and shoulder parrots. the sight of beads flailing through the sky to eager spectators along bayshore boulevard.
i try to find the positive sides of my mental illness.
i live in france so it was impossible for me to take my own photo references. i spent several hours looking at pictures on her deviantart page then i turned off my computer and started doodling in my sketchbook. i did a «cartoon» version of her face … only her face. i knew what i wanted to do doing a complete sketch was not a necessity. i made her body with a black silhouette as i adjusted the composition.
the rest of the trip down passed uneventfully and we were back home by late afternoon. it was a great backpack and i was really proud of our scouts not only did they deal well with the cold and the snow but also the unexpected challenge of the bridge. its a great group of guys and i always enjoy backpacking and hiking with them (and especially with our scoutmaster shane). i look forward to going back to this trail again in the spring when the wildflowers are out. but im learning more and more how much i love winter hiking and backpacking since christmas break is coming up soon im looking forward to some more hiking soon.
easter is here and it looks like its going to be a beautiful day i am so excited
but can we really merge these three art forms these three forms of not only entertainment but the glue that holds society together. the art forms that drive the evolution of morality and the very fabric of humanity can the trinity ever become truly one?
the stated demand of the maoists is a directly elected presidential system; the nepali congress has asked for a traditional parliamentary system; and the communist party of nepal (unified marxist leninist) has suggested a system with a directly elected prime minister and a constitutional president. the nc’s underlying fear is mr. prachanda will win in a direct presidential election and then become authoritarian. the maoists for their part have said they cannot accept a parliamentary system against which they waged a war. after going through governments in as many years the maoist logic in favour of a stable presidential system is appealing to many.
consider those who are legally blind. you ever think that they aren’t as disadvantaged as we sometimes think? what if god has already shown them the beautiful things of this world before birth? what if they know exactly the things we refer to but cannot find a similarity because we ineffectively describe something bigger than words? for every disadvantage god makes an advantage. in (exodus ) god didn’t tell moses to be discouraged because of a speech impediment god told moses to get up and lead god even instructed aaron to assist moses not because moses was unable to complete the assignment but because god is just that generous. i don’t feel the need to feel regret concerning those who are deaf. they aren’t some type of faulty beings. i am sure deaf christians can hear from the lord just as clearly as those who aren’t. and is that not the most critical and respected type of hearing? what is the point of having physical eyes and not being able to see spiritually? or having physical ears without being able to hear spiritually? god doesn’t make mistakes and nothing can happen unless god first signs his initials on the dotted line.
the white guardian later sent the doctor ace and benny on a quest to find the six segments of the key to time scattered across the doctors personal timeline when he last disassembled it.
i was driving a amc javelin dark green with primer on the rear s a white roof and yellow doors. i believe it was the only car ever to match that description. yet i didnt get a ticket.
“yyou will get cold and…”
now i have something else to share with you. something quite exciting. it is of course my giveaway ) i have loved my time so far with tpv it is such a brilliant challenge blog with such a friendly community so i have this giveaway to celebrate its birthday.
but i also want him to understand the difference between negotiation and extortion between civil disobedience and outright disrespect – for people’s time and their property. i want him to understand the difference between flatout demands and intelligent debate.
umno tells the malays that their survival depends on having umno in putrajaya. it depends on having a malay as pm as dpm and having malays as the majority in cabinet and in parliament.
june crows nest
cost so far gold
it is friday it’s a day of nonproductivity since people are generally more sluggish by the time friday rolls around perhaps stressed out by the days preceeding it or already in a ‘weekend mood’. perhaps they should just declare friday a weekend like saturday and sunday since most people are just mucking around in the office… but then if friday becomes a public holiday then soon thursday will be too cos it’s the last day of the week and everyone’s in weekend mood then wednesday tuesday and gradually we won’t be working on monday either…hmmm…
mcewen m farren e. actions and beliefs related to hepatitis b and influenza immunization among registered nurses in texas. public health nurs ; .
go
here are some other annoying questions i found online
*upgrade to r photo magnets
balinese hinduism is a coalescing of gods and demigods worshipped together with buddhist heroes the spirits of ancestors indigenous agricultural deities and sacred places. and all of this somehow translates into magnificent art as they weave their stories and shape their sculptures with their infinite influences.
protesters from a coalition of organisations including unions antiwar and occupy groups are expected to descend on the city. national nurses united the largest nurses’ union in the us is providing free buses to chicago for activists from across the country even as its own plans to demonstrate were vetoed by the city of chicago on tuesday.
if youve talked to me for five minutes about our babies youve heard something about their skin issues. they have been puzzling to us from the get go... they have fingernailsize scars all over from scratching so hard. it just didnt look like eczema. and there was just nothing online that explained a rash from stress. we used all the recommended creams and bath treatments too. we said "no scratchingmister" "scratching is bad for our skin" "we dont scratch ourselves" more times than i can even make a clever statement about. we finally felt like we had broken the scratching cycle and could see bumps. a week or so ago the doctor said "hmm doesnt really look like eczema looks like bug bites" but he left it at that. i started freaking about bed bugs. brad reasoned wed all have bites. oh yeah he is so logical. i did check the crib mattress though you know just in case. and then sometime i started breaking out with a rash. a very itchy rash in sensitive areas. i thought maybe i was crazy. this week the babies went to the doc with fevers and a draining ear. i also talked to this doctor about their skin. i asked for a derm referral but she went ahead and looked them over and diagnosed scabies. she wrote me a script too. the foster family had also been itchy so i sent her a text. she went to the derm the next day and was negative for scabies. the babies had been treated at that point so i treated myself too... and now we wait to see if this works.
first some background on how the ecb conducts monetary policy.
i have bought one item on sale this yeara bodum french press. my husbands birthday is coming up and he loves his coffee. but shhh dont tell him.
and make me travel forth without my cloak
*about cup (g) grated gouda cheese and a bit more to sprinkle on top
that’s why today is strange. a new student is entering our academy. of people in my graduating class i’ve gone to school with the same for twelve years. no one new ever comes into the mix. and because this new person is male he is the only topic of conversation for summer on our way to school.
this is what i want. what i seek in the coming days.
something not intended for crafting
denise pondered the conflict between she and her male subordinate rob. she weighed possible actions against imagined results. she wondered if the best thing wouldn’t be to just let it drop. but then again the precedent would undermine her ability to supervise the rest of the employees. and rob’s ego would permeate the whole company. denise picked up the phone.
flattening a slab like this requires constant check using a straight edge to level and inspect the high spots. since i don’t like to use jigs and router as shown in many suggested methods it comes down to pure patience and feel.
these places were generally flybynight joints so they were used to being under constant threat of shutdown. since they were accustomed to closing and reopening at a moments notice prohibition really didnt impact them...although everyone was forced to get creative during that time.
 cup parmesan grated
. ignorance causes alienation. . ..” being alienated from the life of god through the ignorance that is in them” (eph. ).
welcome to day two of our april lawn fawn inspiration week today we are showcasing a new alphabet set called "claires abcs". this is a super cute alpha and it is a similar font to some of the sentiments that you will see throughout the lawn fawn stamp sets.
even though i havent been able to drop in and give personal accounts of everything happening with our new european adventure i have so appreciated the many ohsosweet emails and comments from my lovely readers your kind words have truly put a cheerful spin on this sometimes tough transition.
this is why so many college students and casual media consumers have such a skewed view of the middle east. palestinian arab crimes are minimized but perceived israeli violations of human rights are amplified because the environment in israel is so much more tolerant towards reporting antiisrael news and israel is filled with international reporters and ngos eagerly filling their quotas of antiisrael "research."
 ″ l x ″ h x ″ w x x 
i really struggled to find things i already had to fill my three jars. i didnt want to go buy thirty erasers although those kinds of jars ive seen all over the internet crammed with school supplies are so cute. i wanted it all to be free. so i had to stretch the category of "school supply" a bit. i filled one jar with red and yellow yarn. one with empty coin rolls (lets just pretend there are coins in them) and into the third i put the pieces to one of our wooden puzzles (much to my sons dismay. angry voice "look what mom did to our puzzle")
just some background until jon and i met ceili fey and i lived with my mother. even though my mom has not lived with us for two or three years now she is still very involved. some of this involvement makes my husband very unhappy. especially when he feels as though he is being crowded out. yesterday for instance my mother just had to come along to the softball tryouts. why? i dunno. she just did. i would have preferred that she stay home with the little guys but she just had to be at the tryouts.
to obtain a kindle copy
i continued to stare unable to speak. i looked at him with my new eyes and the scene continued to unfold in my head at a rapid pace. he was choking her and she appeared to black out. he picked her up and took her into what appeared to be a garage of a residence and set her inside of a large suv.
and then he made his first mistake.
"stop that" it was all he could do to keep from jamming a hand over her mouth so loud did her voice seem in the empty street. it would be a sorry farce if vessits four knot stumbled on them now and he had to explain that taslin was a wilder. never mind trying to convince someone hed never met that only a fortnight earlier dora had been the most ferocious gifted in the first realm.
chocolate covered almonds (protein and antioxidants)
today there are over a dozen companies that make running shoes. they used to be really bulky and heavy but have become really lightweight especially with the barefoot craze that is sweeping the globe today.
 x cadbury world booklet
and maybe one night when you are sitting alone in your rocking chair you will look up in the sky and see a skinny star with glasses and freckles and you will hear a whisper on the wind
and so when he focuses on his classes ~ which he loooves ~ and when he has plans
for me summer begins on a dusky night in midjune when i spy my first firefly. "firefly" i say aloud like a child resisting the temptation to find a jar poke holes in the lid and capture enough fireflies to make a lantern.
"runnin wild" 
whether you’re a boutique owner attending craft fairs a retail company frequenting trade shows or a doctor who makes house calls this app is for you.
am eas shake
laxmi holds up her hardwon annulment. (afp)at an age when most kids are learning to walk laxmi sargara was already married. her husband rakesh was just threeyearsold when family sealed the deal on their fate. she was one.
i am grateful for the joy she brought into my life
“five???”
jung so min and siwan continue to show their strong bond having each other’s back when those naughty situations come up. meanwhile ki woo the human tree may have been cut down to a few sizes today but justice (or good luck) is on his side this time while it still eludes suk jin.
as he sang he did a handclappin’ and bodyslappin’ dance.
what i got was a startling onpoint essay (in all caps) about the difference between real and assumed empathy and the need for dramatic and contradictory characters in storytelling. awesome stuff.
my brother likes driving. he currently has a job delivering for an autopartsardware store. he puts in about a hundred kilometers a day. his parttime weekend gig is driving limousines. at the time of this tale he would volunteer to drive from the base of the bruce peninsula all the way to st. paul minnesota to pick up parts needed urgently at his firm. a day out stay the night in a motel and the next day back. he made that run at least three times. he also would drive hours to toronto pick up freight at the airport and drive hours home. he has probably driven every mile of i from the top of michigan to miami. not all in the same day although i went with him twice and shared the driving. we got on at detroit and hours later we were just west of tampa. he’s put on a lot of miles and been a lot of places but culturally he’s never left home.
) don’t blog about your roommate especially if he has violent tendencies and subtle antisemitic views.
in that time i have had the great privilege and honor to work with and meet and in some cases become friends with a lot of amazing advertising people.
“the law allows parents to educate their children at home instead of sending them to school if they fulfil certain conditions.”
i really like him his no sugarcoating no bs attitude is exactly what these people need
“this has been going on for months you call let it ring once and hang up”
daveyorkshire
i can see why sliding the bowl season past january st has had a negative impact on fan attendance. it’s one thing to ask us to spend a long holiday weekend in new orleans. it’s another to schedule a bowl game on the third or fourth of the month and expect fans to spend that much time away from their jobs and lives.
and above all do not sit and watch others get arrested while waiting your turn. do not let the taking photos (even if they look like theyll be very good) of that act take the place of stopping that arrest even if it means that the subject of the photo someone being pinned and hurt by a number of men will cease to exist. in this case it is the absence of a picture will be worth a thousand words. for when people speak of "a critique of separation" of the problem of a fundamental divide between seeing and doing this is the sort of thing they have in mind.
i read because because i like some poems and stories i didnt want the poem explained because it pissed me off i wanted to know if i needed to tell him he wasnt safe there. thanks for taking it down
‘when any patient presents with fatigue we always consider depression as primary diagnosis especially when there’s previous history.’
pen has long been bleeded
quin pick up
what can be said about a game that is considered one of the best indie games in recent years? not much.
who would deny his blame.
jean rae baxter was there as a guest author reading snippets from her stories and book and i was interested enough to pick up a copy of her first short story collection “a twist of malice” and read one of the stories in full on the bus home. she was great answering questions and had good points to make although i’m not sure i’m with her % about not ever drawing from characters in literatureilmelevision when devising characters from your own writing.
the amount of training required to become a court reporter varies based on what you choose to specialize in although you should typically expect to study for between one and two years. licensing requirements for the position vary by state although most states require applicants to pass some form of a test; some states also stipulate that court reporters are qualified as notary publics as well. in some states you will also have to pass a test to obtain the certified court reporter designation after your name. voluntary certification is offered by several associations including the us court reporters association. court reporter schools include the following options
* serve hot with steaming white rice.
 charley rosemond ep ysleta yards .
hubz and i took an extra long labor day weekend to get some things done around the homestead. when i returned to work this morning my coworker asked me what i did on my day weekend. i couldnt remember all the details what we did each day where we went but i did recall that i put a lot of stuff in jars. such as...
i’ve just become absolutely sick and tired of iran pushing us around taunting the rest of the world and threatening israel and the usa. this has got to stop.
as a final note i watched this on a free movie channel on the roku. this channel drivein classics cuts into the film at regular intervals with advertising. i don’t much mind the ads except that many of them cut off halfway through and take a long time to queue up. it would bother me a lot less if someone would find good places to slip the ads in. frequently the ads show up in the middle of someone’s line or a tense sequence which sort of kills the mood.
. gently fry off the onions in about tbsp oil adding the peppers and the mushrooms. add the quorn pieces or your chicken (once you’ve cut it up) making sure that it is cooked properly in the pan. then add the spice mix and let everything cook for another minute or so mixing things around continuously.
with their lyrics about the joys of love these songs suit the moment when youve just been presented as husband and wife and have shared that first married kiss. and with their upbeat tempo they signal to the guests that with the ceremony over the party is about to begin
the overpowering
i wish i could say todays project post was the last for the room but things didnt work out too well. and that doesnt include the list of injuries i incurred in the process.
ibu 
summer is almost here friends.
and as we were ready to depart a white crown sparrow popped out of the bushes to wish us good bye. but upon reflection of his aggressive chirping tone i almost think he was saying "go home" and so we did . . .
there seems to be no purpose in my life. i struggle to find some reason to do anything. i am listless and impotent. everything pisses me off.
conversion skillz we want to see your greenstuff sculpting use of plasticard splicing of pieces kitbashing and outofthebox thinking. only unpainted entries will be accepted. if its painted we wont enter it...period.
i got to meet a lot of great people and even had some shop talk with other great furniture refinishers. jake of dusty gem décor had some stunning pieces for sale there and we talked a lot about where to get furniture and the business end of making this kind of venture work. (he also has very cute kids)
im not where i will be but im not where i was. i am excited to see where god is taking my family and so thankful that he has brought us closer to each other as we have drawn closer to him.
it really hit me a couple of weeks ago as i was going through the check out line @ a local electronics store.
well i sometimes think i might prefer a nice mix of the two.
i am entirely sans womb.
*this is what i had on hand but you are welcome to use whatever parts of the chicken (or any meat) are accessible to you.
detroit the largest city in michigan is about to join its sisters flint pontiac benton harbor and ecorse in being stripped of its municipal authority and ceded to an emergency manager. wellcovered by commentators who can see the story has also attracted observations such as
good sense has prevailed in romania the government has agreed to return dracula’s castle to the descendants of the legendary bloodsucker. it was surely wrong to deprive people of their property because their ancestor was a bit eccentric. we all have skeletons in our cupboards quite possibly the remains of some night prowler who got a stake through the heart. who really knows? my lineage is as untainted as they come but even i can’t be certain there wasn’t a necknibbling gibbon in the bananas family tree. let he among you who is free from fangs suck his own toes.
we set off down guardia vieja in the hope of visiting guardia la vieja again. unfortunately i had not checked and it seems they do not open during the day. there are two “organic” restaurants also on guardia vieja but i don’t do organic. carrot cake and lettuce leaf butties are not what i think of when thinking food in argentina.
cue a phone call to j for him to come home from the hospital to take me to the same hospital as i couldnt see properly to drive myself there a wait of less than an hour eye drops and an eye exam.
ethan wingfield (rep) .% 
by tommy coca
congratulations ladies please grab your golden egg badge and display it proudly on your blog wed love it if you could link it back to our challenge too.
“we cannot address our obesity overweight problem without addressing the fact that we spend nearly all of our time on the couch and in the car” he declared. “that is what we have to address and the only way we can address that is by changing the way we build our cities.”
i love that my kids each have a
but they couldn’t have turned out any better. the final product was even better than i had pictured.
 tbsp fresh mint chopped
“er you didn’t want to keep them separate?” i ask. rob raises his eyebrows at this.
when i did get home i had to knuckle down and make a couple of cards id been putting off. its my sister in laws anniversary on monday so mum in law asked me to make one for her to give.
friday chicken strips crockpot potato wedges baked beans
it’s brand new so please excuse any hiccups in the first few days but i couldn’t wait to share it with you
i think we’ll also spend time reading some of our own words to each other post ceremony. we’ve written so much to each other over the years we pictured sitting down and compiling some of the truest words that bear repeating.
there is a section at the end of the book entitled `how to make a quilt` where alissa goes through all the basics (tools piecing basting quilting and binding etc.) which is great for a beginner quilter.
we would sleep through a light rain and awaken at a.m. to the predawn call to prayer.
undeterred i added “diy” to the start of my search string. and boy did i find some great designs.
but i realized as i was reading everyones posts that many of us are in a certain stage of our blogging careers. when youve done something for years there are bound to be points where you feel burnt out or annoyed or totally overwhelmed. and you may vacillate back and forth between those stages.
according to the los angeles times perry signed an antiabortion pledge this past summer which includes advocacy of appointing “prolife” judges. the goal is to overturn roe v. wade the federal “firewall” standing in the way of right wingers using their religious beliefs to “abort” a woman’s right to choose.
this week ive been busy making some valentine letters
the yearold threetimes world player of the year who now has goals for in allcompetitions for club and country this season broke the mark set by cesar rodriguez in the s and s in his th appearance.
he is going back to his hometown today. i doubt he would ever read this but have a safe journey ngok. may god always be there for you. lots of love from your ‘kontot’. haha
the flirting noticeable.
you heard it here first ladies and gentlemen
gr chopped nuts
please dont forget to edit your twitter username before replacing. jan 
birds trees d stickers & the larger tree was cut from one of the tweet trimmings borders
beacon hill has sent me back to the fray with some new strength. i’ve learned how valley street can wend up to higher ground. places of respite are waystations. these are places in which it is possible to stop gather and rejuvenate so that the pilgrimage of trust on earth may be taken up again. intermissions seem alltoobrief but it is consoling to know of many refuges that are easy to reach. last week reminded me to notice discoveries in all forms. the quaker community through many spirited conversations reminded me of kindred spirits. when you think you may have become as jaded as this culture appears to be you can discover that it is still possible to experience wonder and that is helped by seeing wonder in others around you. i’ve found myself reading and writing in silence more than before and to write more slowly. on the northbound return train my thoughts turned to friendships newness and excavated finds in the old and familiar. new directions on the old way home.
surprise heres an obscure christmas album with a horrible cover. the pressing is crap with several little dimples in the wax.
what gives? any suggestions? hydrangea tricks i don’t know about? i’m trying the shady areas next. should i prune them cut down the old stalks? do i prune the peegee trees as well?
electric products building mural by martha axley depicts the use of electricity in modern industrial life. architects walker and gillette.
. answers my questions honestly and straight up
scarlet thread is offering "twisted threads" a ." x ." design using caron collection watercolours threadworx overdyed cotton floss dmc perle coton and kreinik braid. in addition to the original carol offers three other gorgeous colorways stitched by students in her class anne karen and lis shown below. get creative and make up your own in using your favorite overdyed watercolours and threadworx
best supporting actor jules berry le crime de monsieur lange
october – the arena at gwinnett center atlanta ga
so you can imagine my shock when the clouds and rain rolled in on monday and didn’t leave until thursday of course this is the exact same timing i had signed up the twins for ‘horse camp’. club hipico (horse club) is a couple block walk away from our casa and ever since danika went to a birthday party there last month she has been talking about horses. horseback riding is quite popular here (hmmm…do you think this might be because my kids go to a private school now?) regardless it seems spanish and the price was good so i signed them up although i am a little worried that this may be the start of an entirely new stream of money outflow.
we had no money.
friday
the carver beauty is a curse on the world. it keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are.
is a dinéled grassroots nonprofit organization governed by a board of directors who live in diné communities in northwestern new mexico affected by uranium mining. endaum’s mission is to protect the purity of the water air lands and community health in areas impacted by uranium activities for the present and future generations. endaum works to empower our communities through education and sustainability to protect and respect the foundations of our diné way of life. www.facebook.comndaum
i’m a big bull on gold. rising inflation a debasing u.s. dollar outofcontrol government spending and a currency printing press that never seems to stop will continue to push the price of gold higher.
.) playing church
while one may argue that flit only did the right thing in preparation for a future conflict kio’s story felt off the tangent when compared with flit and asemu’s. i mean both flit and asemu were motivated to fight while kio was simply instructed by his gramps to do so. for some reason it’s as if kio has been treating this entire ordeal as a game. one that his gramps made him play when he was younger. one where he takes the lives of human beings as per the game’s requirement.
accommodation
 **div. “a return to barron v. baltimore.” faculty workshop the school of law loyola university of chicago chicago illinois. (incorporated in item c() above pp. .)
next time (oh yes there will be a next time) i will remember to put the body glide all over my neck. the wetsuit seems to rub everywhere and i have three raw spots on my neck that look like hickies mortified. i will also take into consideration that when you tape up your calf expect to see funky tan lines on said calf by the end of the day.
was in fact the gentleman whod originally greeted me but hed
the longest and most unabashedly selfindulgent piece in the set weerasethakul’s ode to the jungle is a boring slog. a young couple runs off to the jungle to find a magical tree; a camera crew trades jokes about brad pitt and beer ads; five women do a song and dance routine about finding love; a frisbeelike toy flies through the air; moths flutter around a flourescent lightbulb. nighttime images are soft and lacking in shadow detail; highlights are burned out in the daytime shots. ()
you should include "query" and your books title in your querys subject line. that title makes a big first impression
its time to wake up america. the paul ryans of this nation are out to push you further down into the dirt while they rise up on the backs of the fallen.
who am i kidding? we both know that will be me.
as i read this article by zig ziglar on spending quality time with kids i realized my morning started out real badly with my son with him crying and me threatening to withhold games and toys.
“hi damian” came the singsong voice. he looked up in surprise to see the lovely regan standing in front of him. the sun glinted off her red hair and her eyes shone. she twirled in front of him and asked “how do you like my new dress?”
pathetic excuse for a judge.
the film takes burroughss more rambling (if such a short novel can ramble) and episodic novel and weaves it into a more linear plot which is largely to the good. likewise the scriptwriters update of dejah thoris to an action and science heroine is well done. she winds up definitely being the "smart one" in her relationship with carter. the green men (a term never used in the film; they only refer to themselves by their tribes leading many reviewers to think theyre race is called "tharks") are pretty wellrealized and surprisingly true to the books in terms of culture without the film be expositionheavy (in this regard).
the rusty red sands of barsoom are all that is left of our cousins and their ancient culture nothing beside remains. except of course for our refugees whom this narrative is about; and well get to them in due course.
chuck jones’ skilled and witty film of norton juster’s script of his own short story.
that’s it on that piece of inspiration for now. i will probably pick this up later prephaps after finals. it’s also almost am and i’m typing this from my bed on my iphone. haha.
. cardigan was a last minute thing. probably the last cardigan youll see on here for a few months.
so we have gay masses
whispered the usual comforts
grieving it seemed was filled with surprises—some of them pure astonishment and others numbly shocking. and it was as organic as fertile earth.
there is no day that goes by that is not enlightened by the smiles and laughter of one of our precious babies...daughters and soninlaws included. it is such a joy to spend time with them and have the heart of our family in sync. it is so easy to enjoy a good life when you have such sweet family to share it with.
with the colour scheme picked i got to work making my two u.i concepts.
(there are competition winners too .... scroll down to see if you have won a coles myer gift card from my recent air wick aqua mist promotion .... and check your email inbox if you are a winner)
. i sometimes get really tired of crocheting (
a shoulder to cry on if i lose
he said the government had no right to take away land that they had been toiling on for generations.
this was the second time he talked about a coincidence. but i knew that it wasnt a coincidence because earlier that morning i had been tired and cranky and i had asked the universe to lead me to a betterfeeling place. and after this encounter i was feeling better.
if somebody say kills your dad you can carve the dude’s remains into a throne and set it up in your war room. think about that. every time somebody comes to see you you’re kicking back sitting on a chair made out of the fucking skull of the last guy that really pissed you off.
happy writing and may the transitions always move you forward
what was i trying to do? play with middle class malaise. (what else?)
crisscross jumps reps
 cup packed grated monterey jack cheese (about ounces)
in addition complaints for criminal charges were filed with the indiana u.s. attorney’s office. but last week bonnie learned that the u.s. attorney has decided not to proceed with bringing criminal charges against lau and airleaf.
last night i took kade to a local gym for his weekly tumbling class. he loves everything about going the instructors the activities the exercise and yes the structure. the most important thing for me is watching him enjoy himself as he throws all of his attention and energy into learning and working. it is a joy to behold.
because there are too many "cheetahs"
it was a long week. but i had a friday night redeye to paris. i was so happy though the flight was delayed and i couldnt keep my eyes open at much less or and when i landed and my phone is not working. i had the usual bumps and miscommunications upon arrival. it is cold. and after seven hours of wandering and picturetaking i realize i do not have the software installed to upload photos from my new camera. hrmph.
see you later with my first inky impressions challenge card yes i know i said that yesterday too but i never know what day of the week is which for which challenge if you know what i mean im amazed i get here at all sometimes
so you may be asking whats wrong with it? a lot of these "open box deals" have missing parts or something. but this camera it was missing nothing.
when i got home with the worst possible consequence playing on my mind i decided to give children with cancer uk a call to tell them the worst case scenario and find out my options for deferring my place etc. apparently i can’t defer my place with them. so a runner with a ballot place can defer but a golden bond runner can’t??? their reason was simply that they can’t guarantee how many places they will have next year so can’t guarantee me a spot. surely they’ll have more than one to give away though? it seems totally ridiculous to me so my plan of action if i can’t run is now to get hold of the london marathon folk direct to see what they say.
erin cashman i am reading cabinet of earths right now and i love it
i am going to try those paper fortune cookies too.
“on the way down the mountain i stop outside old sonam’s yard in the upper village. in sooty rags and roughspun boots wearing the coralcolored beads of her lost girlhood sonam is sitting legs straight out in the dry dung weaving a blanket on a crazy handloom rigged to rocks and sticks bracing the whole with old twine soles pushed stiff against a stone. her wool has a handsome and delicate pattern for there is design in the eye of this old wild one. i admire her sudden grin strong back and grimy hide indifferent to the cold.
and where tents are pitch’d and wherever you see south and
heat the olive oil in a large pot or dutch oven. add onion and garlic. cook until soft and translucent but not brown in color about to minutes. then turn the heat on high and mix in the tomatoes tomato paste peppers cilantro cumin and paprika. sauté the mixture for a minute or and add the chicken stock. bring mixture to a boil lower the heat and simmer for about to minutes.
it was abit bulky though oops
. inform the bloggers of their nomination.
i also want to let you know that each week i visit every blog. if it appears i havent visited your blog by the following wednesday evening please let me know this week i might be even later than usual because im on vacation but i promise i will be eventually. i have had some trouble leaving comments on a few blogs...ive tried to email you if that is the case.
of course we know that god punished israel for its sins. this is the reason they suffered defeat. this is why they went into captivity. so are we to deduct that america is being used of god to punish nations? now israel is under another name america and is being used of god to punish other nations? why else the great military? why did rome have the greatest military of its time? because it was favored by god? then egypt was favored also and so was genghis khan and alexander the great. if ruling over others by the means of deadly weapons than all the wicked nations of the ancient world were favored by god.
this too shall pass are the cruelest words in the english language petra harrison thinks as she waits for the plane to take off.
i have always wondered about the relationship of travel with reading and writing. is it necessary that you need to be a good traveller to be able to write well or maybe get time for reading? if you like to read different books then definitely you get to know about different places and cultures and the desire to go and visit those places also becomes stronger. perhaps that is one of the reasons that people end up traveling more when they are fond of reading or at least they wish to travel more. typically for an avid reader books are always a companion when they are traveling.
markings 
that’s when it hit me. i knew what had happened.
paper whisper white
i made this last week and thought id share it since it went down so well in our house this was one of my "put random things in a pan and hope for the best" meals and im happy to say that we all enjoyed it.
yes it is. bravo to pinterest for attempting to address copyright concerns by providing a snippet of code so that sites can "opt out". it doesnt entirely resolve the copyright issue since one shouldnt have to "opt out" of a service you didnt join. how many of us who sell our photos (i have in my archives) have time to check the www to search for stolen images?
jason heyward another brave + pts
og.@f
so the end of the school year is coming fast upon us and i wanted to make something for my daughters teacher like i did last year for her other teachers but i wasnt sure what to do. well i came across this blog months back about doing the initial of the teachers name with crayons. i thought it was really neat and filed it in the back of my mind for later use. well now is the time for later use. i used her basic concept but did a few things differently.
so come find me while im happy and wandering. i love being lost and gallivanting aimlessly with friends most of all im a helluva good straggler lots of fun while im lost perhaps especially while im lost
every volunteer gets a race tshirt
six letters to six people in six weeks.
good...
in the meantime i thought id just blog about the process.
i’ve really been mia from blogland lately. i wish i could say it was because i was off having the time of my life but that would be a big old lie. i’ve been spending my spare time hanging out with this….
the city of torrance is an equal opportunityffirmative action employer. applicants with disabilities who require special arrangements must contact the abovenamed personnel prior to testingnterview.
he was instrumental in setting up tim an ngo dedicated to fighting corruption.
cant take a hint by the western starlanders
 years old my jewelry everything from mike the teddy bear the quilt. i haven’t had to think about it in awhile.
this is something i think about often. in my previous jobs i had fun at work when i accomplished things that were difficult. i had fun when i rallied my crew together to make things happen or when we were all just a little punchy on a friday afternoon as we prepared for the week ahead. i had fun when i got to bring my dog in and she helped out by greeting everyone who came into my office with a tail wag. but this is not the norm. people just dont have fun at work.
“they’re nonbelievers” he says and he stops
votes don’t generate consumption.
but the last choice is still the same;
malcolm came to me in a dream last night and got me to stop this obvious sham of a selfpromoting nonreal auction and as such the item is no longer for sale. although i believe you can acquire one of your own by doing the edinburgh festival and being mental enough.
a szerelékek is nagyon édesek bár dilemmába estem mert a párom áthelyezte őket egy asztalról a másikra és úgy rémlett db halacska volt de fotózásra csak jelent meg. remélem meg lesz a . is ha volt.
it said “except with the approval of the governorgeneral…”
the ship took on a very slight list to starboard. we did not know it at the moment but we learned afterward that the iceberg had ripped open probably four of her larger forward compartments on the starboard side; and also that if we had only hit the ice head on instead of making too late an attempt to avoid it the ship would in all probability have survived the collision.
this morning the irish government has quite rightly said more or less “right – we’ve done our bit we’ve taken the pain and we haven’t given up. now we think the rich countries we’ve saved should fork out.” excellent we should get behind the irish because they alone are showing some intelligent bottle – and they alone have made a genuine effort. if i were nigel farage i’d be on the first flight out to dublin this afternoon with a windup mechanism.
) high wall – the wailers
when such exercises yield their maimed and misleading results when the polls deliver “doctored” figures it is not only the popular will that is disfigured.
not because of their footballing prowess. not because theyll be playing in the intertoto cup against a team from eastern europe whose name has too many vowels in it. and not because theyre going to sell gareth barry to liverpool.
ive now thinned it down to beer and stickers. obviously the beer is pertinent here and what got me on to this is a combination of needing a board to catalogue my collection of beers thus saving me literally hours sitting in the larder rummaging through crates trying to decide what to drink and what to keep.
how many years have you been doing script frenzy?
so he pondered and thought “what would santa like most?”
new belgium ooh la la
designated agent and fulfill both its responsibility to distribute receipts to stakeholders of the public performance right under section (g) as well as its
more shopping was done today although very little was bought.
roberts catholic church
don’t forget to click on the images for a more stimulating view.
“so where are the out of hours crisis team or community team to support the process? your organisation employs thousands of people literally. it must be possible to get two or three nurses with right training who can come and encourage persuade or even compel this man in the right way?”
eeee i love it
) we can instead simply change our responses (r) to the events (e) – the way thing are until we get the outcomes (r) we want.
toss all the ingredients apart from the honey together in a small bowl until evenly coated. heat up a small frying pan over a medium high heat and throw in the pear & almond mix. brownaramelise slightly on both sides before adding the honey and stir to coat the pears.
everything you read in the corporatemedia is a paidfor lie.
i can bring some of the thoughts and words back.
say no to smoking and alcohol excessive consumption of alcohol can cause neurological damage and lead to temporary memory loss or amnesia. smoking is another bad habit that can constrict arteries which deliver oxygen to the brain thus affecting your memory power adversely. so steer clear of both these habits if you want to improve memory.
the goat cheese should be blended into the vegetables and hommus with few large lumps of cheese. leave lumpy if desired.
truth be told i am not convinced that she
 tablespoons tapioca starch
my mom leaned over to whisper in my ear "can you introduce me to this joe guy? i want to know whos driving."
but the only thing we have tied to our roof on the way home may be a sled to use in prospect park. just ready to scream and yell "without" our orange hats when this snowy catskill winter finally reaches the streets of kensington brooklyn.
our trip to cordoba last weekend was completely spontaneous and random. last week i just decided that i needed to get out of madrid for a while to see something else. i chose cordoba because i had never been and i know that i wouldn’t ever go if i didn’t have any reason. knowing that places like valencia cadiz and badajoz all have large festivals i know that i’ll get to those places but cordoba? i hear it’s nice in may but what else is there? so i organized a quick trip for angel jose luis and i.
winners will be chosen via random.org on october th . last valid entry can be entered on october th at midnight pst. winners have hours to respond before another winner is chosen via random.org.
of course sleep disturbance is not the only problem with my nightly wine habit. wine slows down metabolism makes me much more likely to snack late at night and make unhealthy food choices in the morning and it adds significantly to my daily caloric intake. it may also be causing my b deficiency. (as few as glasses of wine a night can create deficiencies in women.) it can also cause high blood pressure and insulin resistance.
even if you’re on friendly terms with your ex or soontobeex it’s a good idea to keep your social networking circles as separate as possible. you never know when the emotional tides may turn and readily incriminating evidence found online can be used against you. for example if you’re not yet divorced avoid changing your status to “single” and signing up for dating sites. while it may seem like an obvious faux pax it happens and can be used to prove that a person was cheating or looking to cheat prior to divorce proceedings.
every day newspapers and magazines are filled with photos of war oppression and violence. the photographer that enables us to watch what is happening in the rest of the world from the safety of our own homes however usually remains invisible. this is not the case in black passport the biography of war photographer stanley greene which appeared in book form in and will be exhibited in foam starting on december. photos of conflict and disaster regions such as rwanda sudan chechnya and iraq are alternated with photos from the private life of stanley greene photos of paris and many women. slide shows will also be presented interspersed with texts from the book. greenes voice resounds through the exhibition space he is disconcertingly frank i think you can only keep positive for eight years. if you stay at it longer than that you turn. and not into a beautiful butterfly.
as in the case of jude there is no evidence that the false teachers in peter held the cosmological dualism which is the essential mark of true gnosticism. there is no evidence that their ethical libertinism was based on such dualism or that their eschatological skepticism resulted from a gnostic concentration on realized at the expense of future eschatology. if they resembled some secondcentury gnostics in denying the divine inspiration of ot prophecy (a) they did so by attributing it to a merely human origin no to the demiurge as the secondcentury gnostics did. there is no hint in peter of controversy about bodily resurrection which was usually a main focus of antignostic discussion of eschatology because of the link between this issue and gnostic dualism…conversely there is no evidence that the delay of the parousia so important in peter featured in secondcentury gnostic argument against traditional eschatology.[]
there really was no pleasing him; when in isaacson the painter praised his work calling him a pioneer vg wrote that his review was highly exaggerated and “it would be preferable if he said nothing about me at all” (letter ). later when aurier wrote a very overblown piece on him he wrote back saying gauguin and monticelli deserved the praise. and he sold a painting “the red vineyard” at the les vingt exhibition in brussels. all this leads walther and metzger in the taschen van goch to the colossal assumption that “his solid conviction that he would have to pay for success sooner or later was to drive van gogh to suicide” (van gogh the complete paintings taschen p.). lovely example of art criticism – not a scrap of evidence that this is true.
 plastik fads and fables
day of fitness with gilad janklowicz and josh taylor
all of this however is remarkably bytheby in the topic of todays post. which is... girly books somewhat of a follow on from my post a couple of days ago about finance books aimed at women with their blinding pink covers.
indeed secrecy was very much the order of the day as the colonial government maintained strict control over the media to ensure that only their viewpoint got through to the people. little was known at the time of the malayan emergency’s many flash points like the standoff in bukit kepong johor on feb between police officers and communist guerillas that ended with more than fatalities on each side. across the pond on dec the british governor of sarawak sir duncan stewart was stabbed to death by teenage malay nationalist rosli dhobi.
"i knew they moved. maybe that other one is defective. i think you have a defective table you should call the company and get them to replace it. see this one moves just like this."
“just one please. i think that’s all i should have.” i smoothed the robe down over my hips selfconsciously.
i would go with "little" here. your opinion?
little joe never once gave it away
if you are looking for the silver lining to this rather dark cloud then for the first time is his year chairmanship robin tilbrook is in the situation where the majority of his councillors were actually elected as edp.
amanpour diane how did the debate go?
what can i say...i love them. it wasnt long ago that i didnt own a single one. then over the last couple of years i have accumulated several.... to be exact. not many to some...a lot to others. im pretty happy with the ones i have. some good variety i think. i definitely have my favorites. my all time favorite is the fiskars threading water border punch. it was my very first border punch purchase and i have never regretted it. but it did start my frenzy to buy more...
when they should always be the first person on their to do list
and he did so by having a huge press conference and.....what? oh he released an email in the middle of the night where he doesnt so much as say mittsys the best man for the job but reiterates how different he and mittsy are and how "well hes all weve got so.....hey you lady stop with the birth control already."
the service was attentive and friendly the restaurant was packed with groovy young things (ourselves not included) and the bill was reasonable. perhaps the best part of the meal though is stepping out the door onto the pont neuf and taking a postprandial stroll as you stare up river and drink in one of the most beautiful views in the world.
autism information thanks to my yahoo news page
my great weakness in trying to write about beer is describing the flavors. i just dont have the descriptive facility that some reviewers have and i really have no idea how to describe these beers except to say that they both taste similar to one another which makes it puzzling why theyd be released at the same time.
according to martinez those results are an incentive for the health workers to attend the may day march on tuesday.
*considers asking wiki founder for royalties for all the traffic she sends that way*
how big a deal could they turn out to be?
joseph conrad “the mind of man is capable of anything because everything is in it all the past as well as the future.”
its the end of november already and our last palette before our christmas spirit inspiration begins. you will want to keep your eye out....we will have regular posts on the the color room showing you all kinds of christmas projects our designers and members have to share but for this week we will think about this palette....a nice boys palette cant wait to see what you can create with these colours
unschoolers selfselect whats important to them and whats not. but how? you say. heres how. theyre able to selfselect meaningfully because unschooling parents expose the universe (as much of it as they can) to their children in as broad and inviting a smorgasbord as possible. we call this strewing. in a sense its the unschooling equivalent to curriculum; but rather than being dictated to the student it is simply introducing things to the student for their selection or rejection.
my bathroom is small. apartment small. but it has the important essentials so me being a gal that doesnt camp out in her bathroom it works just fine for me. full tubshower sink with cabinet storage underneath medicine cabinet above and a functioning toilet. anymore than that is pure fluff not that there is anything wrong with a little fluff.
anyway if you want to leave your comment on the post id love to hear what you think
i did a quick search and found stumbled upon two titles that we really enjoyed. i ended up turning this into a light unit study.
today is the start of another new challenge and this month its hot colours. we want to see all the hot colours for this hot month...well meant to be hot month
even though i started as an initial fan of mcbeans similarly named band black mountain there was still room to be pleasantly surprised by axis of evols continuous flair. it wouldnt be right to say its more chic than a black mountain album but its definitely a little more controlled. you can really tell this is all mcbean from the solo acoustic opening tune "comas" to a psychedelic voice overlay with black mountain bandmate amber webber on "slaves." contrary to what mcbeans roots may suggest the albums foray into electronic undertones is what really sets his side project apart from the stoner rock label he might have gained in his other involvements. but theres definitely a balance of those undertones with gentle acoustic ballads between these funky tracks. no nonsense here; mcbean made a hell of an album.
owen adores the zoo.
on prater’s empty field in the heart
card number is for the outlawz sunday cas challenge with a floral theme.
break your shell
i choke reflexively not knowing if i heard him correctly. i look over at jordan one of the other teachers who is wideeyed and thanking the gods she was not the one asked.
betti ono was founded in by anyka barber and presented in association with rockwell creative projects and hip hop is cool again. contact .. info@bettiono.com and www.bettiono.com.
april mr. douglas informed okah that the northern
not even sure that’s the correct way of saying that… oh well.
i head back home into the city center having seen a little bit of everything.
the un humanitarian coordinator for somalia mark bowden voiced similar concern that the country could “easily slip back into very severe conditions” unless the current levels of assistance and support are maintained.
cool completely before stroring. the cookies can be kept for months the flavor will improve with age.
the custom web application development services are popular among companies dealing with different types of businesses. information technology companies manufacturing companies traders suppliers customer services are to name a few that can use these services. the applications can include performance tracking system ecommerce database management content management and tools and much more. these are the equipments required by all sorts of industries or institutions. using these systems a business owner can manage the information or work processes in an efficient and effective manner. a person can use these tools to handle the task at hand in a smart manner. they increase the productivity of an individual and meet the industrial standards. a marketer can concentrate on the quality of the productivity. you can convert your ideas into a reality by putting them into practice with the help of these computer programs. it helps you solve many of your practical problems that you face in the course of daily activities.
"pink is my favorite color.
he’s distant.
even on vacation genres interest me whether they be genres of food of music or of fiction.
do not be surprised that me patients really do have a brain disease and evidence of brain cell activation that is attempting to fight off an invader. e.g. a virus.
dialogue ..default”conserving energy” is what you would be houtarou.
the tractor was going slower than nan. the tractor driver was presumably reading his paper and eating his sarnie.
in indiawe try everything possible stop a writer from coming to a literary meet because you seehe expressed some religious views in a book some yrs ago…but mind youwe are a democracy
combine water milk butter in a large bowl and microwave until melted. stir and set aside to cool to room temperature. if you crack in the egg right away youll end up with scrambled eggs. to help the mixture cool i stirred in the corn syrup first and at this point it was cool enough for the egg. the cold egg will cool it down further so that it is at a good temperature to activate the yeast. you want the liquid to be at around degrees so put your finger in and if the mixture feels warm its at a good temperature.
**i know the pictures arent very clear. his marker says "aidan jackson mccaffrey july "for this child i prayed" sam. " his neighbors are sebastian to his left and olivia to his right. they both passed away in june.**
when thursday august · pm pm
. serve the servants
love that show.
peace and love
i wish i would have taken more photo of the food.. oh.. there was yummy stuff soups and appetizers. chili sausage kale soup potato soup clam chowder ect... and more appetizers and goodies that you can imagine. we are just working on getting it all put out in this photo.
a book by the man who coined the termed “vehicular cycling” is set to be republished by mit press on may th (which is bike to work day). in john forester’s effective cycling aimed to explain his perspective on how people should operate bicycles. that book and forester himself had a profound impact on cycling in the s and the new edition of the book will hit shelves as cities across america clamor to install the type of separated protected bike infrastructure forester abhors.
all the more so
time that we have been taking for granted. time given as a gift.
never surrender to anyone even if you are certain that they are better than you.
we have been having so much fun adalea is so happy. she is so alert and attentive to everything around her...she doesnt want to miss a beat. i think that is why nap time is sometimes a challenge ) enjoy the pictures.
*note for the purpose of this article my use of the word church includes all denominations all those who have called on the name of jesus for salvation. the use of the word church will be replaced with local assembly or local congregation.
calling god has placed a calling in our hearts on the depth of our soul is a calling. never doubt god that you are called just to be born and die (sabi nga isang marka ka lang sa census ng pilipinas) we all have a calling – never doubt that. we are far better people called by god to unleashed our potentials. he has a plan for us better than our plans for ourselves. so it follows that no heartaches rejection past and fear can hinder that calling. may paglalagyan ka
finding gratitude
wind please blow me away
so once again let me tell you
these five items all beg for a federal criminal inquiry.
i wonder if like me you watched the audience in front of president obama as he addressed parliament the other day. all of them were staring up adoringly as if watching a political colossus – rather than a shallow ideafree politician who has used his presidency unwisely…..and to little effect.
cause theres only one time
however professor tan does not see the update of the register as a clear sign that a byelection will be called soon.
i tried to get photos of luke but he did not want his photo taken. so of course we got more photos of annamae.
the philosophy behind chinese medicine is a melding of tenets from buddhism confucianism and the combined religious and philosophical ideas of taoism. although there are various schools of thought among practitioners of traditional chinese medicine five taoist axioms form its basis
eyes of the nun (video) – production company
and games.
“the thinking has always been to hold it before ramadan. by september it will be too far and you cannot for example repeal the internal security act twice” political scientist ong kian ming said.
but of course democrats paid no attention to the rules they insisted that republicans follow. controlling liberal hate is like controlling a rabid dog in fullfrothing mode; it just doesn’t happen. so it should be no surprise that democrats would be unable to control themselves in their hateful dialogue even while republicans tried to jump through the rhetorical hoops democrats demanded.
it may be assumed that caregivers care but outstanding caregivers demonstrate that in the quality of care they provide. they take the time to develop a relationship with their client and can then provide care with “caring”.
and had grand saved
that "portland cement" is contractor talk for "stucco"
to that we might answer was it ever realistic to suppose that a single man one moreover in jail from his s through to his s (and suffering a bad case of karl marx disease) could deliver a democratic free market society enjoying harmonious multicultural democracy even supposing he had so wished?
it meant though that i had a steep learning curve as i started finding out about this strange new world of publishing. it’s been a journey of discovery that i’ve thoroughly enjoyed i’ve read great books made brilliant new friends and found much to talk and think about.
grrl+dog actually my own.... if have to be un ashamedly honest.. i love my little bloggy. i can see my head and what is in it..i can see stuff that i do and it is "out there" my own little play world. but thats not going to go down well so it would have to be that amazing crab apple chick art tea life. her stuff is fresh contemporary and minutes from now which i like oh and she also gives fantastic photoshop tutorials for dummies... me. httparttealife.blogspot.com/
matt simpson from the aclutx said the legislature should get a chance to evaluate the proposed feasibility study before implementation in order make an informed decision given that the scope of authority etc. is uncertain even according to the expert testimony. that sounds to me like a terrific suggestion. evaluate the study youre mandating before leaping into this. simpson also suggested that the state look at the costbenefit analysis for federal checkpoints how much cash they receive vs. expenses etc. before assuming that southbound checkpoints will generate profit. another good point.
the manifestation
wayne lai was not the tv king when he filmed this few years ago. but still he delivered a very strong performance as the main villain of this drama. his expression and aggressiveness in the drama makes him fit very well to that character. kent cheng as dik yankit also did quite a good job in the drama but he still don’t perform really well in some parts because his face hardly shows great amount of expression (especially on crying scenes). credit is given to rebecca chan portraying as the empress regnant mou zetian. eventhough it is a supporting character in the drama but she nailed the character with ‘power’.
this man led a truly remarkable life and a good portion of it was spend expanding the borders of our first amendment rights.
i love to hear the thunder
 needle size or or so large enough for your ribbon to fit
did everyone have a fabulous christmas? i sure did my week was spent at christmas parties christmas plays eating and shopping until i couldnt take one more step.
these large jars are holding small pieces of fabric. they look so pretty all together.
most schools are looking to improve their image with awesome new uniforms and cool redesigns of their mascots but not florida state. nope the noles are taking a step backwards and making my little pony their mascot.
then they released the county fair line which caused me brief excitement but it was just not the same. i even signed a petition that circulated a while back begging the powers that be to do a flea market fancy reprint.
stuart macbride is the author of several bestselling novels featuring ds logan mcrae including shatter the bones which reached no. in the sunday times bestseller list.
~ it started with deacons birthday on june nd. ~
my dream job isn’t so unrealistic after all. recently public relations professionals have determined that integrating social media into brand marketing campaigns is essential to building a successful brand. but a question now exists; can facebook and twitter really help build a better fashion brand? public relations professionals argue yes and here’s why.
yes its great i can check what i have due now right there in a clear file but i could do that so easily through my regular expanding file folder so then why bother having two places to keep paperwork?
a month will pass before the next round of ise kadoya events. if you ever find yourself in ise on the second or third wednesday of any given month hit me up or simply show up at biyagura and lets have a few drinks.
hurrah for mrs m and her list of infinite invention. i am a fussy bugger to buy for when it comes to christmas and birthdays yet on every occasion she comes up with some kind of wonderful.
you’d laugh and say ‘nothing’s that simple’
may god the father and our lord jesus christ the father’s son give me grace mercy and peace; may they be mine in truth and love amen
ted sighed. he didn’t like kids he liked them even less when he had to deal with them. it didn’t seem this one was going to go away.
and i say from the back i dont know.
) gaslight anthem american slang
allow me to name names in my market scion is an automotive brand very popular among the urban poor particularly wannabe gangbangers who can pimp their ride for less. of course this is not a desirablerestigious demographic for the brand managers at scion. they see themselves – and therefore project scion – as a hip counterculture forward thinking neoart brand. the result? very cool ads and promotional events that do not resonate with scions actual shoppers.
softness settled into his gaze as he stared at me. “you are a poet raven.” he teased i knew to turn the subject but i would not be abashed.
. backsplashes
dylan
too many humans .well you see to promote a movie you need a star and hollywood producers care less about story and more about selling the movie and hence screen time for a star . why shia labeouf as the star ask steven spielberg it was his choice not bay’s
a bit of history i’d been planning to go to the college of santa fe in new mexico for creative writing but after getting sick and being diagnosed with crohn’s during senior year of high school this plan was nixed and i had to hurriedly apply to anyone who would take me that wasn’t too far from my doctor. the university of texas at dallas accepted me on short notice.
many of us dont think much about being a donor... unless something happens to us or a loved one.... then the thinking.. the doing begins doesnt it?
most towns have one…a legendary local business… that consistently attracts people from miles around…
to a sunrise which sets the world a light
please tell me my love when’d you conquer the fright?
it would be easy to blame ladd for the downturn in quality since he goes from a reasonably good portrayal to an embarrassing display of overacting. im heaping all my scorn on screenwriters albert maltz and w.r. burnett though. its seems they felt the audience should know why ladds character is the way he is when the truth is that i was only interested in what he could be in the future. i didnt give two hoots about his past but i ended up sitting through ladds overacted exposition anyway. from there the character of raven lost all of the intensity that had so fascinated me before. i curse the minute that ladd and lake went into that shack true that wasnt where the story really started to go wrong but its where his character really lost it.
halfanhour later lex knocked on my door; raah after being exposed to all of those crusty faces i was so glad to see her.
update i found a worm tea recipe
fortunately the temptation—and the desire to avoid anything serious—is mutual. so the pair comes up with an arrangement sensual steamy nostrings fun. but when things heat up on a cold alaskan night the rules of the game may change forever...
maybe it was just an off day (or week) but i’ve been feeling like my recipesosts have been less than awesome. there was a sense of “going with the flow” experimenting and naïve optimism in the beginning of this blog. now it seems to have progressed into wanting perfection every time i take something out of the oven.
hello therapist? it’s jen. i need a little help please.
such belief is amusing considering that as many as five heads of john the baptist floated around europe. fourteen churches claimed to possess the foreskin of the baby jesus and martin luther who sparked the protestant reformation because of his belief that the “just shall live by faith” lampooned the church when he wrote that enough splinters of the cross existed in europe to build a mighty ship.
we always make sure to have lots of fun today with a lot of activities some old some new this year i came across this great printable so i cut out the hearts and strung them on our kitchen shelves
“we are based in o’shea’s irish bar on whitworth street in the centre of manchester. minute walk from piccadilly railway station.”
it can be argued that we are seeing a similar moral inexactitude in relation to the iraq war where senior government ministers including the prime minister will happily ignore the advice of experienced international lawyers at the foreign office in favour of the shifting sands views of the attorneygeneral. lord bingham a former lord chief justice stated the other day that in his view (a view shared by many lawyers) the iraq war was illegal. never was it more clear the distinction between doves and hawks – but in this case the hawks appear to be prepared to ignore the existence of international law because the law is ‘finely balanced’ and more important there is no court to determine the issue. it seems that we are also prepared to compromise our ethicomoral and legal position in relation to torture by being ‘complicit’ in the activities of american military torturers.
his soul is with the saints i trust.
the confederate victory at kennesaw mountain would be the last southern triumph of the atlanta campaign. five days later sherman was able to move his army around one of johnstons flanks and southern troops were forced to give up the mountain and fall back first on the line of the chattahoochee and soon into the defenses of atlanta itself. johnston was replaced by gen. john bell hood who launched poorly coordinated and futile attacks on shermans forces decimating his army and losing atlanta in the process. the fall of the city drove a bayonet into the heart of the confederacy.
. the highly caffeinated version
at the reception the baron pierre de coubertin stood up and addressed the invited guests. it is easy to imagine his satisfaction as he began his speech. "j’ai connu il y ans des gens qui me témoignaient quelque humeur parce que j’empruntais aux anglais l’habitude le goût des exercices sportifs et que je l’introduisais dans ce pays où je risquais disaientils d’abaisser le niveau des études" (i knew years ago people who humoured me because i borrowed from the english the love of sporting exercises and who believed that i risked bringing down the level of education (in france)).
for the record i haven’t taken my drivers test yet cause … well drivng scares me. i’ve seen the way some people drive and the last thing i want is to be in a car crash. i have my learners so i can drive with a supervising driver but… i still hate it. at least in the city you can walk to places or take the bus.
the bed purge and black widow incident happened in october and now we are in march. for the past month i have been watching onions sprout in great profusion through out the bed poking their green spires through the mulch. “oh cursed onions” i would glare at them every time i came up the hill from walking the dogs to the creek. now these weren’t the hardy mature onion leaves i confronted in the fall they were filaments at best but onions nonetheless and i will show no mercy a few days ago after a damp patch we’d had that was pretending to be winter i got out there with my shovel and started the process all over again dig and pull from underneath. i loaded up two containers to my great joy these were single immature bulblets (that i’m sure if left to flourish would put me back at square one) that pulled out with such ease i am rethinking my attitude about them. why curse something that has provided me with so many afternoons of satisfaction? why fight to eliminate something that is sure to be reborn on the winds of late summer? maybe i’ll make the horsetail fern or euphorbia or daylillies my new nemesis instead.
finally after much scheduling issues and dealing with budgetax issues *mostly those* im going to join a new kung fu school today in toronto. its been so long since ive studied at a studio and im going to have to unlearn quite a few things but im really looking forward to training and studying again. im no jetli but i do love the art and really since i have no delusions that ill ever be jetli thats all that matters.
everyone drinks from ceramic cups placed on inlaidwood sidetables. the two girls come up and offer wooden cups to me and to the hooded man. one helps the tied man to drink the other hands me the bowl that i start sipping. its a strange tasting liquor not entirely unpleasant.
i decided to give them a try.
the world was harsh and cruel
no bake walnut bars
it is a silicone spray water proofing agent. i usually apply two coats just to be sure. then i let then whole thing cure for a day or two and test it under running water.
what warbler’s watery
this discussion matters because this is a society in which when sharing that i was going to have a girl more than one commented "oh too bad." and "oh girls are so hard. im sorry" one said "i knew chris didnt have a boy in him." (i wanted to reply "actually he did but my cervix didnt have it in it to keep him alive.")
after a fantastic effort at the end of the easter break it looks like the invitations to our first class degree show in london are ready to start being sent out. after cutting the backing cards i had considered the carrying out of itemstrong repetitive tasks to be something of a forte.yet i was proved wrong when i laid eyes on the deceptively small box in which our actual invitations arrived in.
sh and i were ok with going to a gumball machine and getting cheap rings just so we’d have something for the ceremony but we had a chance to get nice rings last week when we were in california. we bought them at the same place where sh got the rings for his wedding to imelda only i didn’t demand a $ custommade ring but was happy with a simple white gold band off the rack. i did however notice and covet the rope of cultured pearls. i have a beautiful pearl choker that my dad got for me in amsterdam for my th birthday but have always also wanted a long long strand of pearls that i can tie into a knot and look glamorous.
okay okay....so im not famous the other night when i went out to my company christmas party there was a photographer there and he took a picture of me and my sister. i had no idea he was from the local paper and i had no idea he would put the picture in the paper. i went to a childrens christmas party today with the boys and when i got there i was informed about the picture lol.
john stuart mill famously argues in on liberty that censorship has only two possible end results ) either the person you are censoring is right and by censoring them you keep people from knowing the truth or ) the person you are censoring is wrong and you are forcing them underground in which they will never be exposed to truer alternatives.
i am going to start with one family of cartoons looney toons brought to you by warner brothers.
ach just realised. i left out part of his famous motto. here’s the full version the secret of success in show business is sincerity. once you can fake that you’ve got it made.
now it ocurred to me to try something sweet and useful at the time; its been a while since i wanted to color up these sweet teenage () fairies from mo manning and here they are eventually. i just adore them arent they sooo beautiful they are called mia and pia and can be found here and here in the store). i wasnt sure which one i loved more so i used them both)
the wolf however
but the ward councilman says he isn’t a survivor. instead he describes himself as “one of the most successful elected officials in america.”
“yeah hi barry long time listener first time caller what do you think portland charlene’s chances are at being called up to big show this year?”
we do it all..
) favorite scary movie or television show?
pros michelin recommended restaurant.
meanwhile africa’s peoples are outstripping their resources and causing catastrophic ecological degradation. by the population of ethiopia will be the equivalent of france germany and benelux today but located on the parched and increasingly proteinfree wastelands of the great rift valley.
here is what my craft table looks like. i have not even cleaned it this week.
with this topic come a lot of cries about how it’s murder. honestly that depends on when you think “life” occurs. personally i don’t see how life can possibly exist without implantation. even many implantations end in what is medically referred to as a chemical abortion. (for this reason i am not against things like the plan b pill.)
having given up all attachments having recognised this world made of maya see that your self is not dual (advaita) and you will see the parames’vara.
i had pretty good experience casting ? conventional rig and wa? real good at it. my broth?r steve ?as no s?ouch either we cast out for quite ? distance. fish ?ere lit?rally boiling ?n th? water. you could see them break?ng the surface ?nd j?st under it f?eding ?n the chum they h?d b?en thrown by the deckhands. i started retrieving my jig ?ight after it had hit water. i wanted to k?ep ?t on the surface or ?ust und?r it because the fish were right there. about my third cast i got a hookup that doubled ?y r?d o?er. l?ne was peal?ng off my r?el s? i adjusted my d?ag a little tighter. stil? th? line k?pt going and i didn’t know what to do. my father showed up right about that tim? and told me t? tighten the drag a ?ittle m?re and let the fish have his h?ad. meaning let him run fo? a minute. i did as instructed a?ed at the pow?r i fe?t pulling ?n m? rod. i had c?ught big fish ?efore ?ut nothing like thi?.
his most memorable law and where im going with this was "systems of regulations created as a management surrogate take on a life of their own and exhibit a growth history which closely parallels other living entities observed in nature". he went on to show the number of pages in armed forces procurement regulation vs. time along with a curve of weed growth (from the journal "weed science") and produced a graph any biology student will instantly recognize as the sigmoid growth curve of populations also called the logistic function.
i havent been able to do a lot of hiking since having children. having to carry them made hiking much more difficult and then when they could finally walk their little legs would get tired quickly. so im really enjoying being able to really get back into the woods again and really explore some of the nature trails around us.
later in the war in we formed the air sea rescue (asr) service and if anybody came down there was somebody on the spot almost before they had landed in the sea. but this didnt happen in and this is a black mark which the system had to endure right the way through the battle.these are the thoughts of derek wood (or some of them) coauthor of the seminal text on the battle of britain the narrow margin articulated at a symposium in bracknall in sponsored jointly by the raf historical society and the raf staff college bracknall.
the large problem i have with the magazine is purely down to it being official. reviews are always going to be slightly suspect and a majority of the magazine reads like a pr press release dissected into a less formal tone the magazine never feels like it is speaking from its own perspective. the previews give an impression that each game is going to be amazing and the reviews really seem to be safely following the crowd no controversial scores here.
my son matthew who is autistic had drawn a picture in my sketchbook. it has been calling for me to color it for a long time. after wrestling with the park picture now was the time. i had great fun with it i got to play with the watercolors in all different ways challenge myself to balance the pictures colors and free myself from convention in the spirit of the cobra artists
rolling home brew out to the beer lover community sounds like quite a good idea if you ask me. not because the monetary contribution is likely to make any difference nor does the brewing session necessarily open a new world to seasoned craft beer enthusiasts. however the best beer bottles are tales of a great brewing talent and sharing a talent tends to improve it. it is time for the best to leave home.
i mean...i really really really liked him but wow that was pretty fast o)
christianity in america at least has become largely an event for spectators. we show up on sunday and take it all in then go about our week as usual. but that’s not god’s design.
“perhaps perhaps not; plenty of space to sleep though i promise.” naida spoke casually and freely.
many of my happiest childhood memories revolve around the monkees their music and their wonderfully campy tv show so i was deeply saddened to hear about the passing of davy jones earlier today. ill admit that he wasnt my favorite monkee ( i was more of a peterike girl) but i couldnt help but adore him for his musical talent his adorable british accent and that impish gleam in his eyes.
“safe words. if i absolutely hate a piece of clothing you’re trying to argue me into i say shark. shark means you must drop all arguing and let that article of clothing go because my dislike for it is nonnegotiable. in turn you have a safe word. if you think i’m dangerously close to looking like a suburban mom with juice stains on my shirt you simply yell – tofu. and i must drop said piece of clothing. tofu has taken the item in question off the table. everything else is up for discussion. sound good?” i asked.
despite my resistance to places that use the formula (makes me feel predictable and lame) market table presents something unique. the ambiance is different the moment you step foot in the place after all the first room is an actual market with an open kitchen. reminds me of a place in buenos aires that b. and i like. high ceilings and openess may not be great for intimate dinner converation but at lunch people tend to be less sauced.. tend.
. punk rock academy
then today i got an email from a mom asking about adoptive breastfeeding. they are awaiting the word as to whether or not they have been matched and she is preparing to nurse. wonderful i checked out her blog and(it looked to me but im not sure) they have beautiful biological children. they may suffer from infertility they may not. they may be waiting for a special needs baby they may be waiting for an aa male(both hard to place) but the thought crossed my mind of them "taking" a domestically adopted infant from a couple who could not have children biologically. some people may wonder why they arent adopting an older child from russia a special needs child from china or an aids orphan from ethiopia etc.
i am leaning toward the morten table lamp but will probably wait for a few more weeks before i commit.
here are the notes i put on the album on cdbaby
in extreme cases untreated exceptionally high blood sugar can cause still births.
there were no distinguishing features save for the one wall covered with
“mommy tell me what happened to michael jackson again”
it has long been a question ” what is the line between art and pornography?” i use to believe there was indeed a line between the two. erotic art for instance can go so far as to push the envelope of sexuality while still remaining balanced on the other side of “smut“. but as of late i have been reconsidering.
the lfg hubby and i celebrated a double digit anniversary in high style an early walkabout at my favorite art galleries downtown a dinner at trusty goto restaurant club paris (a great little dive and a great filet mignon) and attendance at the university of alaska anchorage men’s hockey game.
"pevan" notia didnt need to shout but her voice rang back from the roof of the hall harshly reminiscent of a pick breaking stone. when pevan didnt stop the other woman scuttled up alongside fell into an uneven sideways walk to keep pace. "who gave you authority to go into action without me?"
this decision is a tremendous blow for those who have worked on the upls proposals. these include members of the eu commission senior judges and leading patents practitioners including our own kevin mooney. many will view this decision as the court of justice seeking to be the judicial body overseeing any single patent litigation system that comes to fruition in europe. this was the one single issue on which the commission industry and the lawyers agreed at an early stage in drafting the proposals to be undesirable. this is because according to this view the court of justice does not have the necessary expertise in this area of law. it might be thought that some attempt could be made to amend the proposed upls system or to go back to the drawing board completely. but the essential reasoning for the decision is that the member states cannot divest to an international body their powers as part of the european union order over matters that will inevitably require the implementation of european union law. so the reasons are fundamental and appear to rule out any revision of the upls or a return to the previously attempted european patent litigation agreement (epla) proposal. it seems that alternatives to a system presided over by the court of justice have run out. the latter view is supported by a recent advance with the proposed single paneu patent called the unitary patent in which for only the second time in its history the european parliament voted for the “enhanced cooperation procedure” to be used to push this through despite opposition from italy and spain on the language regime that is planned to be adopted. decisions on such a patent would be made by the court of justice.
i was originally going to dry hop this one but have decided that there is already plenty of aroma and flavour in this one.
the new formation lies in wheat on sutton bank farm in the valley between the two. it appeared on the anniversary of the valley’s olde midsummer festival which used to be held during the week of july th – ‘oldstyle’ equivalent of solstice night transposed from the previous julian calendar when in country people in britain rebelled at being deprived of days of their precious time.
unless apple gives advertising oversight to someone with vision the work will continue to wobble. of course the agency will take the blame. you will hear rumblings.
happy father’s day dad
additional appearances throughout north and south america europe and asia will be
iranian government losers
leh ladakh has some of the finest trekking routes of the country. ladakh is scenic and popular among trekkers of the world. trekking in ladakh provides tourists a right way to walk around the best of tourist attractions in most pleasing way. it would be a wonderful experience to trek in ladakh. no one can forget the experience of trekking in ladakh.
bruce fowler – trombone
ms i thought they deserved to be understood more and that henry darger deserved to be seen as more than a caricature figure. so much that i read described the paintings as controversial disturbing or unsettling and people will not automatically love them.
in patrick and i had our beautiful daughter our princess. that same year patrick came to know christ as his savior.
scarred for life
there were pages that just kept me laughing nonstop. it was also nice to read about a woman with whom i really identify.
“my real name is…”
this simple and delicious spaghetti uses very few ingredients yet its bursting with flavour. i usually prepare this dish with no cheese so ill sometimes pair it up with a nice tomato and mozzarella salad.
he had his scent now and refused to rest until he was found.
god sanctifies time once again.
filled with evocative images of southwark park festival old pubs and strip clubs and now muchchanged scenery the shots cover life in the area from to .
i am no faerie queen alas
actor type bad actors.
jessie j – domino lyric
"these figures clearly indicate that demand for patent protection is on the rise again after the economic downturn of the previous two years" says epo president benoît battistelli.
¼ cup almond slices toasted
so i was worrying about this necklace agonizing over how i was going to force myself to work on it. i had been making all sorts of promises (and threats) to myself just do an inch come on now just an inch a day but i just couldnt. and since i had vowed not to start anything else i have had the most unproductive days of my beading life i have gotten nothing done creatively. i have balanced the books vacuumed dusted cleaned the bathroom played on the computer (pinterest im looking at you) but no jewelry design i even had to tackle a huge pile of doover jewelry (repairs) one day last week and i actually got up and moved to a whole other table with a brand spanking clean bead mat bringing all my tools with me since there was no room on my own workbench sad.
the carefree confidence of childhood is where the goodness of the human spirit resides; it is the goodness of humanity.
anise caramel earlgrey clove and lemon lavender fresh mint tiramisu liquorice szechwan pepper and cardamon are those to savour all year round. then there are the seasonal specialities; caramel and salted butter with dark chocolate and ginger or caramel with salted butter and mimosa blossom......
ya think magee? i gave birth to her. she counts on me for everything but her breath and her heartbeat. im pretty sure she knows im not someone who just walked up. and she is not months old. she cant use her body. her brain is intact.
a ooak painted sculpt in polymer clay
"go"
* the finest bible paper remains hempbased even today.
the first thing i did was take off all the doors glass inserts drawers and hardware. that took a surprisingly long time because there were at least screws holding everything together including magnetic door closure mechanisms etc. then i gave everything a rough sanding with fine grit sandpaper. the goal wasnt to remove all of the finish but just to rough up the surfaces so that the primer would adhere well.
 thats right about a week ago an etsy admin member contacted me about a possible feature on the huffington posts valentines day gifts for men from etsy guide. i kind of half believed it was a hoax but seeing as how they didnt ask me for my social security number and werent claiming to be one of my long lost cousins from nigeria (which wouldnt really have worked on me seeing as how ive actually spent time with good amount of my family in nigeria) i responded to the email and provided the information they ask for and told myself that nothing would come of it. im a pessimist in that way tragic i know.
so you see where im coming from. you see my dilemma.
lightly coat cookie sheet with nonstick spray and pipe out your churros. you can make churro bits or long churros. its up to you just make sure they have a good inch of spacing in between them. give a quick spray of nonstick spray on top of the churros and pop them in the oven.
due to a challenging schedule i haven’t updated harald’s blog daily as i’d wanted to. so to catch up i’m going to include a number of harald’s podcasts below.
i would like to love what i cannot change;
we all left to go to the family home where it was just food and laughter and nothing was said about the old bloke
some happy highlights of the week...
the eerie silence haunts me
) cta conversion rate cta stands for calltoaction of course. track the percentage of people who visited a particular page who also clicked a cta on that page. it indicates the appeal of the offer whether the cta is wellcrafted and written and if it has good placement on the page.
games include
then claire
web site www.envivio.com
as a transplanted southerner it will always feel a little weird to call cambridge massachusetts “my hometown.” it will always feel weird for my neighbors as well for whom the fifteen or so years i’ve lived here are but a drop in the bucket. still i’ve been around long enough to see the place change a good deal. with the repeal of rent control shortly after my arrival a lot of the city’s newcomers— including students artists and immigrants of all stripes— moved out. gentrification touched many corners of the city most visibly harvard square which became a desert of bank offices and optician shops.
or nothing bare fair of skin my love.
wi tippenny (two penny) we fear nae evil;
so imagine how interested i was to read my newest issue of scientific american mind. there’s an article which explains it all in brain science terms. seems we need space around us and especially above us in order to have creative ideas. and there’s growing research into this with many architecture schools now incorporating neuroscience as well as environmental psychology into their syllabus. the environmental psychology isn’t new but the neuroscience is.
then the phone rang.
for the sake of this being a shorter post i will simply end by enumerating what i need to do to get where i want to be with them. build three more sets of ′x′ cages (possibly a stacked cage system if i can work it out) setup regulate and ensure the proper working of a drip watering system so i don’t have to fill bowls or bottles all of the time and buy or build some one day feeders with fines screens to eliminate the amount of dust that gets into their bowls.
because of the arcane way beer is distributed in louisiana there are many beers that are never brought into our state for sale. one brewery’s beer that i have been itching to try is dogfish head out of delaware. i have not been able to locate a six pack in louisiana and a cursory check of their website confirmed my suspicions – their beer is not sold here.
make sure to check and see that the % discount has been applied before you make a payment.
billy bob thornton is his usual self in this flick as ed crane (great name) which is what adds a lot to this character and film as well. billy bob isn’t exciting he barely shows any emotions he smokes in about every single frame of this flick and he’s a character that just seems like he doesn’t care at all about anything but it’s also what makes this character work. it may have been hard to feel anything for him but i was still able to like billy bob playing crane because even though we may always seem him play the same character in every flick no matter what it still never really gets old and still seems fresh especially when he’s playing a barber.
when we arrived back on the trail i noted that my average for the morning was now at . mph and soon enough another mile “lap” revealed another . mph pace. that was miles at . (ish) mph i kept pressing the pace all the way home and by the time i had climbed the hill back home my average for the day was . mph my fastest this year.
as mentioned on that other blog the recent unearthing and bootlegging of a fantastic pack of smiths studio demosonitor mixesarly versions set the smithsian world afire. and well it should as the tracks give a fascinating peek into the compositional aspect of the morrisseyarr partnership.
lately cavern of souls out of avacyn restored has stirred a lot of emotions in the magic community and it’s understandable. here we have a card that at least suggest that it will render countermagic near useless against most creature based decks. that proposition is a big deal as one of the most prominent cards of the standard format is mana leak.
of course we have to remember why the death penalty started which was for two main reasons. one was because in the past society didn’t have the resources or desire to spend tons of money keeping alive people who were a detriment to society. while major civilizations could do this most tribal civilizations couldn’t and the simple desire for revenge wouldn’t let them. of course we live in a major civilization “with” the resources to contain and keep our criminals alive including those on “death row.” how long we stay that way is questionable but beyond the scope of this article.
conservatives love to talk about slippery slopes. instead of focusing on the slippery slopes of abortion or (gay) marriage maybe take a look at the slippery slope where a canadian calls their political representative and the representative calls the fricken police to intimidate the citizen so they don’t keep their uppity idea that this is a democracy. i don’t think canada or i can handle sliding down that particular police state slope.
this sucks. bye bye pretty hands.
lawyer huh?
“you just said it was £. please.”
kuching police have given their nod for the rally but have advised the organisers to get permission from the kuching north city council.
rhododendron ‘lemon dream’ (‘creamy chiffon’ x r. degronianum ssp. degronianum ‘exbury’) – a newer introduction which has garnered a lot of attention ‘lemon dream’ features frilly pale lemon yellow blooms (occasionally double) in early to midmay. it has strong growth with deep green foliage reversed with brown indumentum. grows ′ high. zone .
now two years later as i was entering the frankfurt airport there was a pool of folding bicycles by the entrance door. inside the terminal airport and airline staff were cycling through the departure area and the gate wings on their bicycles doing their duties. this was not just a case of one staff person and a bicycle once in a while. there was constant traffic.
“no. my first wife is up there.” he pointed not to heaven but to the building he lives in. “my real wife was my first “mad men” wife.”
“oh i don’t mind” she said. “i’m in no hurry. i’m on my way to a hospice.”
the first time i tried one of their beers was at edinburghs scottish real ale festival in june. it was their rye pa and for me it was one of the highlights of the festival. ive since been lucky enough to stumble upon a few of their beers when ive been through in edinburgh. lucky old edinburgh drinkers for having the chance of tasting tempest on a regular basis. it seemed that if i was wanting any more of their beer i would have to haul myself from west to east and it proved to be the case when i heard that one of the citys best pubs the bow bar was planning a tempest total tap takeover where ten of their beers would be available with eight on cask and a further two on keg.
order more stock.
clearly for hubbard that wasnt enough and unfortunately for him neither oberkfell or sutter would go any further.
with bridal magazine covers to her credit mackensie “mac” elliot is most at home behind the camera – ready to capture the happy moments she never experienced while growing up. her father replaced his first family with a second and now her mother moving on to yet another man begs mac for attention and money. mac’s foundation is jostled again moments before an important wedding planning meeting when she bumps into the bridetobe’s brother…an encounter that has them both seeing stars.
thursday th february
"we are disappointed that the eeoc has issued this determination and strongly disagree with the eeocs findings" michael phelps turner industries vice president for human resources said in a written statement.
* great for small spaces
in the last two days we have received numerous emails from netizens regarding on how they can assist the family of the late mr chandra mogan.
and then came our favorite comment "wow i thought you were a lot older." we must have looked surprised because the commenter added "you know i thought you were a bunch of older nuns from bulgaria singing and here you are so young..." we told him to quit while he was ahead.
if you have any information about the true identity of “lyle stevik” or if you have any information about the case call the number below
the purpose of the public poll is to bring as many viewers to our team blog as possible increasing awareness of etsy beadweavers and our art form. the winner of the public poll should be the work that the most viewers liked the best. promote the challenge by inviting as many friends acquaintances coworkers and family members as you like to vote for their favorite entry. please use your blog facebook twitter and any other resources you have to drive traffic to our blog during the challenge. feel free to say which entry is yours. many friends will choose to support you with a vote. but please do not request that your friends vote for your work or that of another member. please let them make up their own minds about which entry they like the best. let’s play fair with each other and keep our challenges fun for all.
recently the possibility of introducing a basic income into south africa has come up for discussion in a number of research labour and civil society sources. the idea of a basic income paid to all citizens was raised in by leon louw of the free market foundation in the book economic alternatives edited by mcgregor (). the present author also carried out some unpublished research on the impact of a basic income on the economy on the basis of a social accounting matrix and published some ideas on the basic incomes in the press (roukens de lange ). jeremy baskin of the department of manpower also raised the issue in the press ().
my brother was shocked and not a little hurt that one who had such a messed up face as phroney did would have the nerve to call his face a mess it only served to heighten his anxiety about how bad he looked with his acne…
. two wrongs
one week. it will be next wednesday december th.
someone saved my life tonight
teaching
with defenders of the faith like these ones i am sure the jews have nothing to worry about from the likes of hezbollah.
and in our stressful and chaotic times i suspect there are more people who are likely to snap and how can we protect against such behaviors? can we lock people up preemptively? we no longer commit people who are mentally disturbed; thanks to liberal policies we ended involuntary commitment so we are compelled to wait until someone has acted out to be able to confine them. then it is too late in many cases.
i am ever grateful for my friends who are helping and encouraging me to let my light shine.
oh this nighttimes so romantic
— my belly is making digestive enzymes to break down food. thank you belly
all digi stamps will be available as black & white tiff or jpeg files so you can color them any way you like. once i have all of the drawings complete and in correct file formats they will be posted to my etsy shop. i will post more information when available.
and the obligatory paper plate and ribbon hat picture. it took two plates to make that monstrosity.
by noon i was ready to create something fast and nutritious. i pulled fresh kale half of a raw redgarnet sweet potato a head of red cabbage and my favorite nuts out of the fridge drawer while dry fruit came from the cupboard.
“’sorry i’m late’ shouted nancy one day as she rushed into a café to meet her.
rehab activities have been going on for months without a dedicated space to offer services. hope now has a team of u.s. volunteers assembling three modular buildings at hah – including a x ft rehab center housing for international medical volunteers and housing for patients being fitted for prosthetic limbs.
this book spans the years dr. nick spent as elvis’s personal doctor and the years after elvis’s death. it shows the depth of elvis’s personality more than just his public persona the man behind the king of rock ‘n roll. it depicts how dr. nick fought to clear his own name and elvis’s from the cloud of “drug overdose”.
and i will be back soon to share more with you
bogart plays rick blaine a former freedom fighter and ex pat living in casablanca he owns the hottest spot in town “rick’s cafe”.
map it out.
as leaders we need to think about whether the culture of our organization is one where people are comfortable sharing mistakes and what did not work as much as they celebrate successes. it requires us to consistently set a tone and nurture an atmosphere where people are willing to speak up about mistakes so that we can work collaboratively to fix them. it requires us to talk openly about mistakes we have made as leaders take responsibility for them and work deliberately to fix them. it requires us to be willing to seek input from others in the organization about the mistakes we may have made. jim collins talks about the need for people in organizations to confront the brutal facts – this can only happen if we work continuously to respect and value the tough things that our team may share and support the creation of a culture where our team members speak courageously to each other as well.
the minister said that the last time something like this happened was three years ago when a bill was sent back to the dewan rakyat.
approximately percent of the products not listed on the fragrances tested by the environmental working group and the campaign for safe cosmetics were never assessed for safety according to the organizations.
this post was written in only a few minutes off the top of my head while being distracted by two small kids so i don’t claim it’s perfect or complete. but one thing i can say with certainty is that i can see nothing in the concept of marriage that should stop a man marrying a man or a woman marrying a woman.
man i am tired just reading all of this nonsense. i hope to be back soon. maybe tomorrow? it is mothers day tomorrow after all so i will exercise my right to do nothing but blog if i so choose. how else am i going to get all this useless information out of my head huh?
xmm xmm
austin and savannah told me that the other waiting patrons laughed at this. all i heard were the sounds of applause as we left the building.
i have written before about finding the time for current friends so that they wont become the friends you forget. (see find the time) but if you do grow apart with a close friend i think that it is an awful shame. in situations like these there is no one to blame because it is one of those things that just happens. i often think about the good times i have had and sometimes i feel sadness frustration and annoyance when i think of a friend i used to hang out with but i cant either recall their name or picture their face. i try to avoid this happening again (thank you facebook) but its still hard. there is only so much you can say to someone you havent spoken to in years.
if the first winner doesnt get in touch with me then the second winner moves up a place and a new comment will be chosen for the field notes steno pad. if the second winner isnt available then a new comment will be chose for the field notes steno pad. all decisions are final but please do enjoy the giveaway.
travellers from the great spaces
stretching into the pointed distance.
the market is owned and opereated by a mennonite family. they buy in bulk and repackage items for sale so you generally get a cheaper price. it is so fun to visit the store little monkeys favorite aisle is the candy aisle of course but they also sell dried fruit snacks an assortment of flours whole grains homemade breads pies and pastries homemade soups and salads and butter and of course gift items and so much more. they also have a great deli where they make sandwiches and sell meats and cheeses. outside you will find chickens turkeys peacocks and an assortment of other birds as well as goats. here are a few pictures for you.
) pericard. i can play better than he can and i’m nigh on seventy.
consciousnessanalogues
i have been wanting to make a mix berry oatmeal version as well but the carrot cake variation won so this later one will come to the blog very soon as well so stay tuned.
 moonlight dancin on a bayou 
in january i had the opportunity to meet when a group of great people got together for dinner at au lac. debbie young actually wrote up a blog post on it. you can check out her photos at thats the way au lac it. when we finally met he was everything i thought he would be based on his online presence. it was a nice chance to get to hang out & get to know him in person. i knew i had a little crush on him but of course we were both in relationships so nothing went down.
this is the day you longed for
my youngest brother pulled in a nice inch bass on an artificial worm. minutes later his wife reeled in one an inch longer. neither my brother nor his wife spilled a drop of their coronas while fighting their fish to land.
but we also need to make sure that our children know that we believe in them that we know that they can be successful. and that education is important not just because it will help you get a job but because of the journey it takes you on. we want to develop life long learners not just those that memorize the facts and then forget them after the test.
i guess my hair is trying to tell me something.
gabriel lorie
their fathers face turned ashen. "im sorry will. but that was part of the agreement. you knew that."
) ron paul .% ( votes)
shocked that he even had a clue what the song was about i asked him why.
it’s a sad fact that writing was devised not to write poetry or love letters but to keep accounts. but the everresourceful sumerians who knew a bit about luxury and refinement soon adapted it to better things. the earliest literature found so far comes from a sumerian city not far from nippur now in the maysan province of iraq. we don’t know its original name but today people call the mound that covers it ‘abu salabikh’ which means ‘father of clinker’. the mound is littered with potsherds like most mesopotamian ancient sites and because of the severe salination of the ground (the downside of all that sumerian irrigation) only the sherds that were accidentally overfired to clinker have survived.
she uses one of her dark psychological arts masterfully. this of course is the “if you really loved me..” tactic.
the angel had no face
christina cretella
since she liked it i sent her my favourite quote of rumis and one of my favourite quotes on romantic love of all time and suggested it might work for her own wedding.
“all u.s. spent nuclear fuel is stored safely and securely regardless of reactor type” nrc spokesman burnell replied in an email. “every spent fuel pool is an inherently robust combination of reinforced concrete and steel capable of safely withstanding the same type and variety of severe events that reactors are designed for.”
at first when kareena was approached for the item number kareena placed many demands
men remained to die.
i was very hopeful to have everything around the house and that i wanted accomplished done however that didnt happen. i continue to work at my vocation as wife and mother and take grace where it is given.
tomato(chopped) medium
quaffing potions and scrutinizing scrolls the group once more took up battle positions about the hilltop perimeter; in the meantime meryk moved to begin etching out cruth galdr runes to better bolster the entrenched dwarven defenses. aurakraul landed among the adventurers and their dwarven friends setting several to panic at first–but soon enough the party parlayed with the green dragoness anew gleaning briefly a recount of an effort made to penetrate the pall over the templecity of tsar–an unsuccessful endeavor. committing to aiding once more in aid the dragoness took to the air again–soon lost in the fog above.
the second order of kits will be placed once we get all the first round stuff distributed.
i chose this image to illustrate this line because i wanted to make it as personal as possible. this is one of my senior pictures taken last year on one of the many dirt roads in my town.
this easter weekend was great. i spend it with a friend going to the west coast of ireland. staying in a lovely b&b in salthill within walking distance of galway.
from....one tired mom of boys.
another excellent organizing companion is often a qualified est coordinator. that is similar to finding a have preliminary who can maneuver your monetary deliver safely straight into coast. in addition there are legal professionals which specialize in property legislations therefore a necessary organizing application can be analysis on the requirements associated with probable consultants.
but this strategy didn’t work. the brough workers and the antiarms activists were soon cheering and applauding each other’s comments particularly those about diversifying to work on renewable energy to move away from arms and keep jobs at brough. today we were able to tell the workers at brough that we’re on their side. serious government investment in renewable energy – a far more stable prospect for the future than arms – would make use of engineering skills in britain and could save lives in bahrain.
i really have been puked at a lot (that last paragraph got away from me a little…). when i brought fiona home from the hospital it didn’t feel real. i kept feeling a little like i’d escaped with a child and any minute the proper authorities would pound down my door and demand her back. it might be part of why i was so resistant to letting anyone hold her. what can i say? i have issues.
there is no danger
inika cosmetics certified organic eyeliner. marketing blurb – “a rich and creamy consistency unparalleled in the world of natural liners.” my thoughts – ”quite a marketing statement and probably true but it’s like saying carrots are unparalleled in the world of orangecoloured carrotshaped vegetables no? they are right though the pencil is very soft and easily smudgable perfect for smoky eyes and hiding sins.”
me i don’t know. i just need to shut my mouth at this point or else.
nights are very nice we had no air conditioning on last night for the first time in months 
cast shindong nari sun hee (oc)
“i don’t know” roy told her. “let’s get her to the couch.”
i was concerned that the glutenfree flours would create a dough that spread too much if i used an equal amount of butter so i cut back on that just a little. i also used molasses as part of the sugar because i thought it might moisten the stickier flours a little more and help bind them with the rest of the ingredients. using the egg as the starter oz. in the ratio my ratio ended up being part egg parts fat parts sugar parts flour. ( oz. egg oz. butter oz. sugar oz. flour)
waiting for a taste;
im thinking gray walls with black white and green decor. i for sure want to keep the storage containers i already have and just add to them. then ill punch it up with kelly green accents. lily will even be taken care of with new pet supplies. her items have to coordinate too
i personally don’t watch my life on the dlist; as i’ve said before i can only take griffin in small doses. but i do watch and love her standup specials. so it should come as little surprise that official book club selection—a mixture of the two—was a mixed bag for me. on the one hand i found griffin’s early career fairly fascinating even though the majority of it predates my life. on the other hand the second half of the book felt like a bit of a rehash of stories i’ve seen on her comedy special (in fairness i’m reading this book two years after it was released).
i still struggle with bringing it all together.
as the brand and business grow it’s critical to continually ensure your carefully crafted brand positioning is embodied and communicated in everything your brand does and says – even (or especially) if you don’t have much of a media budget. whether it’s the innovative product with a unique package and graphics motivating online or instore promotional materials systems and processes or consumer services scripts each element can work to build the brand…or detract from it.
we were going to go out to dinner but i opted to change things up. i wanted to have chinese take out and rent a movie just like we used to when we were dating. back then when i would worry about money hubs would tell me "we have $ in the bank. yay we can have chinese". hes so glass is half full. )
the mint julep jars shown above are actually just party favors with junior mints inside. a real mint julep is a very strong very traditional southern drink held up in cheers while “my old kentucky home” plays before the race starts. they are served in chilled silver julep cups filled to the rim with bourbon simple syrup fresh mint and crushed ice an absolute must for a derby party
materials you have to make a nice soft place for
i mention these things just so you know what influences my views on photography craftsmanship and art in this upcoming series.
laws have never been intended to effect a change in peoples hearts; theyre meant to effect changes in behavior whether its a law against stealing others property or a law against refusing to serve people because of their skin color. therefore laws are required to combat (acts of) racism. governments pass laws. therefore the government is the perfect way to combat racism. qed.
the other day after a chat with someone i painted a wee water colour for and she was telling me how much she loved it and appreciated it which was nice but it made me realize that all the paintings i had done since i left high school (a wee while ago now) were gifts for other people. it’s nice creating things for others but i really wanted to do something just for me. painting for enjoyment alone.
having just read dobermans post on affirmative action i am struck by how noble it sounds it sounds so grandiose so positive it must be good for society. it reminds me of another glowing phrase that did the rounds in the uk and america a few years ago "compassionate conservatism".
i think this is a much nicer presentation than a paper sack. dont you?
sandra bullock and colin firth…hands down
has become me. it will rain so hard
as congress and the white house squabble over lifting the debt ceiling limit on april nd cnsnews reporrted that “federal agencies reported improper payments estimated at $. billion in fiscal year an increase of $. billion from the $. billion estimate in fiscal the government acountability office said.” fully % of those payments came from “social spending programs including medicare and medicaid.” maybe making a decent effort to stop wasting money would be a good idea?
in a separate bowl stir together the flour baking powder baking soda salt and nutmeg. add half to the butter mixture then add the buttermilk combining well after each addition. add the remaining flour mixture and stir until just evenly moistened the batter will be lumpy.
bangless bob
i have really missed blogging but like all of you i have been really busy.
but jessica never found interest in rachels accomplishments. if it didnt embarrass or depress rachel jessica seemed to have no desire to discuss it.
he put them on as he crawled into bed. just before he fell asleep he told me he wanted the goggles off his eyes but on his head still. so he slept in them just like this all night.
the finale jumps ahead to jamie’s basketball game at tree hill. the entire cast is in the crowd cheering him on including the grown up versions of lydia logan and the twins. in a typical one tree hill voiceover the show once again flashes back to a teenage nathan shooting a basketball haley watching lucas’s game and brooke cheering with peyton. the last line is from an old episode. it couldn’t have ended better.
kira’s and l’s arc was the best everything about it was just so awesome. i loved the fact that they were both sworn enemies and their only and best friend. the arcs after this do not even come close to how good this was. the part where kira revealed his plan (when he lost his memory) was like wow. that was genius. the only part that i disliked was the ending. not that it wasn’t good but i wanted the opposite of what happened. but you can’t have everything.
when you blame the victim it is like making them relive the entire situation over and over again. when a person takes on blame that doesn’t belong to them it adds pressure and trauma that brings their healing out of remission and into a maliciously aggressive state in rebellion; furthering attack.
whats really unnervingrritating is that due to hestons presenting style its almost as if he knows how underwhelmed i am instead opting to look slightly to the right away from the camera. as if hes talking to his "real" audience just over my shoulder ones not populated by naysayers and stickinthemuds. im being ignored by heston because he hates me and would rather make singing soufflés and exploding loafs for the likes of caroline ferraday and jenny falconer. that bald fiend. by the end of the programme youre left feeling cheated and confused. there goes an hour of your time on a load of balls not just any balls but heston the cocks balls.
me figures on a beach.
 c flour
there is indeed life after rice cakes the first food turned to by newly minted celiacs. naturally glutenfree foods such as quinoa polenta rice thai rice noodles and mexican white corn tortillas have become favorite staples in our pantry. potatoes are thankfully glutenfree. brown rice and quinoa pastas offer nutritious alternatives to standard semolina spaghetti cous cous and macaroni.
homework give each student a moses and the laws of god take home sheet for their parents to go over with them to review what we have done in class. parents need to help their child fill this out and bring back to class the following week. students that complete their homework and bring it back to class will be able to play homeworkopoly. each sunday the students make a mini story book andr story wheel in class. students need to read these to their parents (or the parents read to them) the mini book andr story wheel for homework.
here are the guidelines for the liebster blog award
. blubber judy blume
without leaving
we got a little sow yesterday but it melted off by midday. i have bee fighting a cold for a couple of weeks and yesterday the cold won the skirmish...so i only got one image made but i love it hope you do as well.
but it is a st person shooter
eileen is having trouble finding backers for her workshop once people realize her slimy soontobeex jerry isnt in the picture; there are definitely still feelings between the two of them. complexity rears its head. eileen also continues the trend of throwing her drink in his face whenever he shows up and is obnoxious and it seriously never gets old. another favorite moment is when dev turns up to be inappropriately possessive of karen during her meeting with derek. they play the british pissing contest game pinpointing accents comparing schools and generally sizing one another up. the funny part about it? i have so heard this conversation from brits over and over and over again. anyway karen goes home to her friends baby shower and has a hearttoheart with her parents this one ending with them being more supportive. her dad is really sweet.
i just want to use this golden moment to thank my dearest friends and clintonspel readers i love you all. i also want to thank ericboomiejhasmomentautumn sunshinefivereflectionsnifti and the rest.. i love you all.. you’re my family.
“poor boy. i know. but where can we take him?”
back to my point the act of following christ or the decision of following christ is a voluntary act of us the worshipper. this is where the how why when where what part of the method of doing it was in every point defined by the law and grace – the instructions.
) this story is probably a parody because if pat robertson had really said domething like this he would probably have added something like "god cant smite all these bad people by himself he wants you to send me whatever money you still have left to finance a gaysmiting mission."
he is also the only blogger of my acquaintance to note the passing at of the man who invented hard rock in link wray the man whose "rumble" was the only instrumental ever banned on am radio.
i was in my office working when mrs. z called me and told me i needed to come home to take him to the vet. she’d found him hiding under the desk in my study. he’d gotten sick. we knew the time had come for him. schpup hasn’t been himself for a few weeks now. he was moving slower. he wasn’t running. his appetite was diminished and he’d developed a bad limp. there were times when he seemed confused.
passion score 
love to hear what you think and for those readers who are a.k. alexander fans. the next thriller will be out in october. the title of the book is covert reich.
if you are notpetent to get the very typewrite occupy into remember these masses tips
i probably shouldn’t be making light of it but in the two hours that i was out alone when i wrote that last post my relies still felt the need to send out a search party… granted i didn’t notice my phone ring twice. though i’m not entirely sure how they were expecting to find me in jakarta’s busy streets.
unthinkable documents scott’s remarkable journey from the devastating crash that claimed both of his legs and from his subsequent battle with depression and alcohol to the dawning realization that god had a greater plan for his life. the unthinkable courage determination and faith scott demonstrated in training for and competing in the hawaiian ironman triathlon will inspire and amaze you.
variable light into input
. dinahmoe humm
for the past month i have felt different not really sure why but just different
today i’m going to meet my high school friends again. i am hoping i can get over my trauma once i see them and before i sleep again this night.
it also became obvious why we get multiple povs in this book which i think was done to better effect when it was just claire and shane in bite club. here it added little in terms of character development but is required in order to get every side of the story.
today and everyday i cling to jeremiah for i know the plans i have for you plans to prosper you and not to harm you.
some will balk at such a stance and in truth i no longer care for truth is truth and to veer from it is akin to lying yet i would ask the openminded reader to simply investigate for themselves the crafters of racerelations law the hand behind communism and its leftist incarnation in western europe i would ask the reader to recognise the very hypocrisy of the settled jewish community within this country in that they advocate for israel whilst thwarting any endeavour for we to regain our country. there will never be a day that i will advocate the merciless killing of jews or any other noneuropean individuals or groups yet i will not sink to my knees purely to placate a hoodwinked people or indeed a now hoodwinked nationalist movement.
tick
the three degrees dirty old man ..hahaha..enjoy the jazzy breezy song.
“come with me” i said. “you’ll be all right now.”what follows is timothy trying to determine where the blood—for there isn’t a mark on the little girl—came from and why the child was fleeing the scene. her name is bird daly and she tells a series of fantastical lies that ultimately lead to the truth. i hope very much therefore that page sixtynine meets with approval from readers. it’s what the gods of gotham is all about.learn more about the book and author at lyndsay fayes website.
a final warning. part offers do not behave like other offers in contract law they cannot be withdrawn without leave during the first days. then they remain open until withdrawn by notice served on the other party – which means that they are not revoked by a counter offer; or after a reasonable time; or even by rejection of the offer. so only make the offer if you know it can stay in place for days and keep it under review and withdraw it if it ceases to be appropriate (unless the cpr . benefits of keeping it in place still outweigh any change in circumstances)".a consolidated list of the first pcc pages can be found here.
some parents choose to defend their choices with logic as opposed to emotion. this often takes the form of presenting a logical argument about why they made their choices and the benefits the choices have for the children. examples are usually given such as "well look at what my child does; obviously it is working." i used to be a fan of this approach but lately have come up a bit short because i dont like using my childs performance behavior aptitude attitude or anything else to justify my choices. assessing my child in order to defend a choice and then communicating that assessment to others as a justification in an attempt to win an argument seems a bit disingenuous to me if not downright degrading for my child. i see little difference between this and subjecting them to for example any other performance assessments or grading systems.
at christmas time
i am happy the day i see my friends happy sharing the joy they experience in life the plans they make for life. i am happier to attend another marriage and witness the intercaste rituals; provided they happen on the same day and at a distance i am reachable.
it is a widelyoverlooked fact that the most significant illuminati whistleblower ever to come forward svali said there would be a mass exodus out of this group if when people knew they could escape.
so what is the project? solarpowered and lit from within with a dvd player and monitors it tries to rethink the hospital waiting room; in fact the cartoonlike festive structure with a kind of external tattoo of abstract graphics is "sited at policlinico umberto romes largest public hospital and one that has been recently controversial because of scandals of unsafe and unsanitary conditions."as an "enlightenment" era hospital it was planned in a decentralized way with specialities (pediatrics respiratory maladies contagious diseases) distributed throughout the campus with no single central space. the project attempts to create a centralized space for all kinds of waiting (waiting for an appointment to be picked up the diagnosis of a loved one for treatment convalescing to recover).as inaba himself explained in a recent issue of art review the real purpose was “to create an environment to cope with our restlessness if not through easing the irritation of having to wait then at least through distraction from it."
"the whole damn world is just as obsessed. with whos the best dressed and whos having sex whos got the money who gets the honeys..." ~ high school never ends by bowling for soup
 oz mushrooms diced small
i met khalida this summer in boulder and i was amazed at her compassion bravery and sweetness – and struck by her deep abiding love for her country. i know this tragedy must be breaking her heart.
at the start of the week i heard a secondhad bookshop was closing down and selling everything for a dollar. i was working all day monday and tuesday so i had no time to check it out. i tried on wednesday and thursday but they were closed. i went to a shopping centre today and they had another secondhand bookshop from the same chain (called “booklovers”) and they had all books half price. it got me wondering if the whole chain was going out of business or what. anyway i bought seven books there for $..
from the hammered rapid language
merry christmas to you all and a very happy new year… ♥
“so here to challenge me?”
thank you everyone who left me comments last week about my struggles with composition. all comments were helpful and enabled me to move a step forward with that canvas.
it doesn’t matter it’s not like any explanation at all is given. seriously none whatsoever. they just happen to have warped to a boat.
who was? well the key was in the connection between the victims linda lofthouse and nick barber. nick had figured it out and digging into it further was what got him killed. not because of the connection but because he was digging. in a sense lofthouse’s murderer had already been punished and it was that third crime one which no one knew anything about going into this case that provided the motive.
how i made
it’s been said a thousand times congress had to pass president obama’s health care law in order to find out what’s in it. but despite the repetitiveness the level of shock from each new discovery never seems to recede.
if you need some inspiration please pop over and see the fabulous creations by the rest of the design team and take a look at this months prize
he said the commission would now draw up economic targets for all member states in five key areas including employment poverty reduction and the number of young people attending university.
congrats again to paula
for the side
he had gone from crazy to regulated with no violence no destruction no yelling... and without me thinking i needed to book a one way ticket to thailand.
“according to harvey kronberg longtime editor and publisher of the texas political newsletter quorum report a modern sovereign nation requires more — not less — government than a state would. consider all the new departments it would need to monitor things like foreign affairs aviation and nuclear regulation. and then there are all the expenses washington used to take care of — things like maintaining interstate highways inspecting meat and checking passports.”
till someone took the lid off 
vidal again we are not advancing a specific solution a specific
is that i can’t see
next stop was am solar in springfield oregon ( httpwww.amsolar.com) where our good friend and allaround rv electrical wizard greg holder checked out our rvs nonperforming inverter. he announced that it had an incurable booboo and installed a new improved one (inverter that is). inverters are a (gulp) big ticket item.
our group is unique in that we try to represent as many aspects of the childrens market as we can. each of us has interests in various aspects of it and we wanted to use our group and our blog to investigate those aspects and gather resources that have helped us and will help others.
today im especially grateful for spring. it is and always has been my favorite season. even though we had an unusually warm winter it was still brown and colorless. i love love love the colors and smells of spring and the way everything comes back to life. its hard to stay depressed when everywhere you look is color and life.
copyright hurtled to and now beyond and aartee photography 
 bake in the preheated oven for to minutes.
so with that i will start facing more of my fears. what will be next? my fear of commitment and abandonment? i dunno. stay tuned. more will be revealed.
this person is 
hard stools more than % of the time
going through the photos we chose for the album i find myself tearing up as all the emotions from that day come rushing back. our photographers did an amazing job capturing our day and being able to see our wedding from the after perspective is nothing short of incredible.
drawer random drawer. in the back are all the old polishes from my childhood that i cant part with yet but dont really consider a part of my "stash." im starting to turn them into frankens or just throw them away when they are really useless or not worth the effort of cleaning out. theres also my elf polishes island girl la colorsa girl and ardene. pumpkin and snowman polishes too.
loss of interest in normal daily activities
“magic is mankind’s oldest continuous belief. it antedates either religion or science and although both appear to have sprung from it neither has supplanted it entirely or is soon likely to.
in other news i am planning my th birthday celebrations.
any who disbelieve that islam is an incarnation of evil will have to accept the reality that we know to be true. if they can look at the following photos and walk away unscathed by the experience and still defend islam then they are one of two things. evil or simply not worth saving.
please note if you become a gold ambassador (like us) and share the challenge with others while you are on it yours will be free. if you share it will more than people you will get paid from shaklee…can’t beat that right? ask me for more details.
defense secretary panetta was visiting afghanistan to hold a series of meetings with troops and afghan leaders in the wake of the killing of afghan civilians allegedly by a u.s. soldier.
my proud gal cant believe she will soon no longer be a kindergartner (
scarborough isn’t obama a loser
i know some teachers that hate datadriven education because it can be so much extra work and time to individually assess each kid. and it definitely can eat up a lot of time. but my first teaching job was at a school that had been labeled "failing" four years running and i was hired as an interventionist (along with or others) to help turn it around. my job and that school required constant data and while it was a lot to fit in we always knew how each child was doing on every reading and math standard and in reading fluency. our groups for researching and rti were changing every weeks at least.
as i began to analyze what this could mean it all just kind of started unfolding in my mind. god wants to be our source for everything. he wants to be our source of happiness our source of confidence our source of strength our source of love our source of acceptance our source of peace. he wants to be the thought that wakes us up in the morning and the thought that lays us down to rest. he wants to be on our minds and in our hearts all the time to keep us feeling fulfilled and whole in him. when you think of all of the ways that this can be applicable to us its almost mind blowing.
we have planted our tomato eggplant pepper seeds. they’re doing great so far we planted some wave petunias…not doing so well. we may have to restart them. the tomatoes have multiple leaves now – that’s good. they’re under the plant light for hours each day and the warm mist humidifier is helping them each evening. the plumeria are in the same room and are getting the benefit of the lights and the humidifier. i hope they bloom this summer
or does this matter and will the market decide?
 the chemicals would melt the suede
when the stilted uncomfortable interactions between kate and matt slowly shift into something more is god finally answering the longing of her heart? or will kate be required to give up more than she ever dreamed?
goal setting. i have included steps to reach these goals
then break and run
finally there’s the l pattern. the “l” competition is to show what a drum major is capable of doing “as the leader of a marching band”. the judging is to be as if a band is following the drum major. the “l” pattern consist of the following start left turn counter march right turn salute and halt. beating of time is done between each signal. or at least that’s what this site told me. haha. yeah. that’s the gist of it.
i never thought the goddess can be killed i always thought she is invincible immortal as this is how love should be in order to last a life time. but she insulted me for not answering to her phone calls on new eve’s night for not being by her side. although i was always the one trying to be with her and i was always pushed backed ignored my phone calls never returned my mails never answered my phone messages never replied. all of those didn’t matter for me as i was in love and love was strong and pure in my heart. the fact that i was ignored didn’t upset me.
the court reasoned that article requires states to provide persons deprived of liberty with appropriate medical treatment. the chamber noted that the applicant’s condition required medical treatment and that the prison could not provide the needed assistance. the court then held that the long term detention of a prisoner in a condition where they cannot move about independently. the national court overseeing the movement of the applicant from the prison to the hospital even noted that moving the applicant back to the prison opened italy up to a finding of a violation of article .
i plan on frequently replacing
what’s so good about this film? not its $billion box office. not its eight academy award nominations. the dark knight shines due to batman (christian bale) and the joker’s (heath ledger) chemistry. it is psychological and one of the most powerful pieces of writing seen in hollywood. batman the face of justice becomes an outlaw for simply helping the city.
how’s your national holiday looking?
to break herself out of her depression she decided to read books in weeks and write about them all.
*za’atar (a delicious middle eastern spice that is so yummy in hummus)
allie was so excited to see so many entries for this last challenge. her owner pattie is announcing the winner in the winners corner at the sidebar.
the last weeks have been wonderful to say the least. i had a lot of "firsts" and alot of fun.
mom likes this on sweet sideso she adds extra jaggery where me love it little spicy and aroma of fenugreek.
an alqaida cell consisting of white converts having infiltrated denmark from germany unleashed a sarin nerve gas attack on the copenhagen public transport system killing and leaving a further in need of medical attention. punitive counterattacks on ghettoes by militias their ranks swollen by a fresh batch of army and police defectors caused thousands of casualties as strategic areas of key ghettoes were cleansed of muslims in scenes of extraordinary brutality.
proenza schouler continued in moderation the bold prints they showed for spring but with a winter update. the collection began with a barrage of somber looking models painted with scarlet lips pale foundation and sheathed in dark plaids blacks greens and fur. perhaps one of the most impressive parts of the beginning of the collection was the excess of wearable well designed outwear. from updated toggle coats to a line of peacoats lined in dark black navy and green fur ending in a cheeky update of a fur trimmed letter jacket. the collection moved into black and white prints splashed with bold splashes of blue royal purple and green. standount babydoll dresses bring to mind a dark moody tragically chic schoolgirl at university ps. in total the collection was a continuing evolution of jack and lazaros distinct aesthetic that has shot them to stardom.
southern brownie pie is especially good served warm with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream on top. its also quite good cool.
 sentiment by craftwork cards mounted onto a plain oval and then a scalloped one
“if you realize that you have enough you are truly rich.”
confound the bitter queen
following the winsome drop earrings pattern i just made the top part of the pattern for the earrings as well as the pendant & tatted the chain to go with the pendant. i really liked the way it turned out at the end and was instant hit with my friends.
although there were some holes in tanias story such as the fact that she referred to her husband dave as her fiance from time to time people were instantly taken by her story and the way she was able to go on with her life.
xypherous … is that really necessary?
diamond $.
this is where i am at this morning... i want these children to never leave our home. ever. i have cried so many tears in the last days at the mere thought of it. our home has been a revolving door for the broken the wanderer and the fatherless for the last years of our marriage. i get zero credit for this. in fact i have fought god almost every time he brings new people and every time he takes them out. you see i want stability in my circumstances. he wants stability in my soul. i want happiness he wants me to have deep everlasting joy in my pride i want people to look at our life and see order he wants people to look at our life and see that he is the order in our chaos. i want people to see i have it all together he wants people to see that i will be a fool for christ
times
starting week which means by this weekend i’ll be halfway through. i’ll also get to enjoy an entire cheat day on sunday. i’ll take my week progress pics sunday morning and do body fat measurements sometime next week to see how close i am to my previous best (last august).
"ted calls spider one of the three best beers ive ever made and from my three plus years of brugge experience id agree."
all in all ms maer certainly deserved the warm standing ovation the public gave her. unfortunately there was no time for an “encore” but a few members of the public had the good fortune to be able to exchange a few words with and personally thank ines maer for her performance.
i went to the neuro doc this morning.. had xrays..(no need for a new ct scan.. thank god.. those things are spendy) had coffee with a friend (left my glasses there) this is one of the problems i am having that is ms related.. i can see better some times without my glasses.. and so i take them off.. put them down.. and forget them.. ((sigh)).. then went to physical therapy and the chiropractor..
although its first seconds are a recording of a voicemail "bitter" is one of the albums highlights a power ballad of sorts that asks "have you ruined any new songs recently?". elsewhere "over you" and "adam" are highly melodic rockers and the countryinflected "someday i might" closes out the album in wistful fashion. its nice to see ambition meet execution and these guys have learned enough from playing those covers to make a sound of their own worth covering.
the point is unpopularity begets itself. once the awkward train has left the station it runs on it’s own unstoppable momentum. i felt out of place which made me nervous which made me do stupid things which made me more unpopular… you get it.
what teen section is this woman shopping in?
hes there when she gets home. "hey" he looks up from his computer as she walks into the living room.
...about . million or . percent of bachelors degreeholders under the age of last year were jobless or underemployed the highest share in at least years. in the share was at a low of percent before the dotcom bust erased job gains for college graduates in the telecommunications and it fields.
) come back to this post and leave a comment including a direct link to your creation or use mister linky below.remember to make it a link to the specific post or picture and not just a general link to your blog or gallery. we need to be able to find your art
serve piping hot with steamed rice unfinished portion can be kept in the same slow cooker overnight for next day consumption. the taste of the cooked trotter in fact taste even better if kept overnight. i love my rice soaked with the thick and fragrant vinegar sauce and i can even drink the sauce on its own....heavenly.
french beans pcs cut into small strips
has filled in nicely this winter with all the wonderful warm weather
 antlers
betting on low costs
by shannon stacey
and zucchini several bell peppers and thyme and basil leaves.
but that wasnt the only traffic advice he had. no sir it wasnt.
the problem with their occupation is two fold.
jenny tonge said no more than the obvious. a state that feeds off war that is incapable of coming to terms with its own population which treats % of its own citizens as guests and refuses to acknowledge a unitary israeli citizenship is not destined long for this world.
last chance to get your entries in is the th of may. well be posting where the vulcan has been every few days.
rich in texture colour shape and even sound.
defending my right to slaughter.
see you at the top.
my faith goes untested
future ambitions for this blog is to travel more get more local estranged beer on here and get some beer swapping done with people from throughout the uk and further. if you would be interested in this email me on smurray@hotmail.co.uk to organise any swaps. apart from this keep listening and hopefully there will be more very soon. cheers.
the pressure is on
so what youre saying is that i shouldve bought a hammock in the outer banks?
shield – hero removes the staff
seeing this play tonight really resonated because of someone i met on new years day.
its all that matters
which export commodities of vietnam are easily subject to antidumping petitions and what should enterprises do in the case of being sued?
three elements of this case distinguish it from its highprofile criminal counterparts. first the behavior and statements of the students’ own professors were cited as grounds for a change of venue—an action all but unprecedented in modern american criminal law. second blogs have played an important (and i would argue helpful) role. third the hour cable news networks seized upon the case from the start and have continued commentary more sporadically thereafter.
i decided to go with water colouring....... bit of a stretch for me.........but i was determined to give it a go. so i bought watercolour pencils (they are so lovely i didnt want to use them lol) and a watercolour sketch pad.
i have a journal in which i write down thoughts and ideas for my writing. right now they are almost entirely concerned with my work in progress named wavering libations. i think this would be a great place to post some of the more potent pieces from the journal.
the words “it is interesting to note that” are to all intents and purposes banned from jiplp since they generally add nothing but length. if the text which follows those words is interesting they are redundant; if it is not interesting it shouldn’t be there in the first place. and if your reader is reading what you’ve written he’s going to note it whether you tell him that it is interesting to do so or not.
deschutes brewery hop trip (bond street series)
to love was it a sin?
toolsaterials i have used
i have found myself much more on the side of attachment parenting (ap) or "gentle" parenting then i ever thought i would be. that said i do have choices i have made as a parent that are not on the ap side of parenting. circumcision and vaccination.
 may – william a. slaughter was born
as one muslim author wrote
contact info
i think were going to try chickens again this year. were going to use our old tramp frame (the tramp itself melted in the fire) to make a chicken tractor. last year we had a horrible grasshopper infestation i mean they were eating everything in site. we finally put poison down but it didnt kill them off and you know they laid eggs. chickens to the rescue. have i mentioned my dislike of chickens? they are fine in theory but up close and personal not so much imho. i am so not an animal person.
(the one you are intimidated by or think would never use) 
thats right ladies )
but you shouldnt harbor grudges
but this is more than a political calculation. it is more than just a pander to his base. it is a pander to himself obama is a member of his base. he believes this stuff. it is an easy and comfortable political shift for him because it’s a shift from a phony centrism back to his socialdemocratic core from positioning to authenticity.
and i never said i dont want chamille over i just dont want her over when i am not here and x rarely ever asks if she can come over cause he is always at your house. as for x doing his homework with chamille i just dont see much work getting done in that scenario.
currently i am working with the thgrade students in a thth combo class. there are of them and we have been meeting for about minutes per lesson — today was day of our miniwriting unit. i am asking them to write the timehonored fiveparagraph essay. in today’s teaching universe it is more correct to say “multiparagraph” essay because obviously not every idea can be argued in only three little body paragraphs and on the flip side students don’t need to be forced into saying more than is necessary to get the point across. i imagine five paragraphs has held for so long because of the magical wonder of things that come in threes so intro+body+body+body+conclusion makes sense.
the historical accuracy of the bible was put to the test several years ago when canadian film producer simcha jacobovici did a documentary called the the quest for the lost tribes of israel. in b.c. the jewish kingdom of israel which consisted of ten tribes was wiped out by the assyrians and the people scattered among the nations of the assyrian empire where they just vanished into history.
impressive amounts of money for food and other supplies are being raised and sent to the region. but i am concerned with the last mile getting assistance and supplies from the ports of mogadishu to the people who need it urgently. unless all parties remove the barriers that stand between organisations with the capacity to save lives and the people who rely on them for their survival thousands more may continue dying preventable deaths.
but as the people i love have pointed out to me being holed up doing nothing may look like they are alive but it is a form of death. they need to go out there and do stuff. they risk pain but they find pleasure. they may risk life but they enjoy life
if we look at what the wrb says about esa then we find that ids and his minions particularly lord freud who famously anointed himself as our national expert on disability employment a couple of weeks after first looking at the issue would now have you believe that all disabled people receive an automatic miracle cure at the month mark which means we can then compete equally in the jobs market and therefore wont be disadvantaged by timelimiting esa to months.
it shined like a web
*i* know what records i have in my pipeline for this series; if you have suggestions please leave a comment its entirely possible your suggestion will trump something on my list.
today i have a traditional luscious and hearty winter to spring dish for you that you have to try. its full of nutrients and delicious
all it would take is to track down sir isaac’s descendants and ask them to revoke their famous ancestor’s lifetime of study. singersongwriter juice newton whose smash “queen of hearts” hit number one on both pop and country charts still tours and can currently be found playing at the municipal auditorium in missoula montana. recent heisman trophy winner cam newton of auburn is busy in his alabama dorm preparing for finals and the jan. bcs title game against secondranked oregon. i’m sure both would be amenable to refinements in the law that would give us all a good chuckle.
mr. w is probably going to have a stroke when i whip these out of my suitcase.
ive havent done much crafting recently and what i have done has been prompted by cropchocolate.com. between participating in challenges posed to their current focus group and the weekly challenges posed on the shops website i havent completely been neglecting my crafty supplies.
tracks and maintains metrics as needed
m good. because i think you’re a sexist misogynist dinosaur. a relic of the cold war whose boyish charms though lost on me obviously appealed to that young girl i sent out to evaluate you.
hell will freeze over before i let go.”
fermented past
the power jack sanchez; calibrate
forget not that so much is quickly passing
they were both pretty buggered after their efforts but it was really close to sunset. so we headed back to the viewing area and joined the hundreds of others lined along the fence to watch the rock change colour as the sunlight faded. another great experience
really know how to fly.
welcome to the disney gives back blog hop. this wonderful blog hop was created out of a desire to give back to a wonderful organization called crops of luv. throughout the hop you will see layouts from talented crafters who have chosen to give back and help make these childrens days brighter.
length (mm) mm (flexiable length adjust design)
so i sent my novella for the forthcoming vanguard declassified anthology yesterday to my editor at pocket books. i’ll also be sending it on to my fellow vanguard scribes for their feedback as part of the editorial process. why? because it’s an excuse for us all to talk smack about each other.
c – victor martinez
) nobody is flooding black nations and only black nations with nonblacks and saying “its ok there is no such thing as race. so we are going to replace black people with a blended people.” this is happening in white nations and only in white nations. they say they are antiracist. what they are is antiwhite. antiracist is a code word for antiwhite. and what they want is genocide.
in and the price for these new economy companies was at their zenith. this was a classic case of buying too high and reacting to the headlines of the day.
mouth
thought we should open a lefse store.
release date august 
or the time when he wrote a message saying
okay the republican primary might not be officially over but after a much better than expected showing and victory in iowa last night romney has all but wrapped up the nomination. the polls in iowa show that hes still having a very difficult time connecting with the hardcore conservative voters but that is not romneys base and he doesnt think hell need them as much during the general election. in fact hes basically been running a general election campaign during this entire primary process.
what is your favourite book?
but when i did refrain from visiting a sick person fearing infection i was gently reprimanded for not showing my solidarity to a fellow human being
immy is a normal year old with a normal life a normal family and a normal boyfriend. but when she finds herself falling for a girl on an internet message board a girl she knows only as the mysterious fickle her socalled normal life is suddenly turned on its head.
or you might get off a train at or or or and say "wow. that sucked." you might spend the rest of your life trying to avoid trains. you might be able to make up for the time you lost and find some passion after all. good luck to you.
i want to be strong and remain strong for his second birthday i pray that i am. but i feel the pain. i know it is there. it never went away. it never will. i will live with this pain for the rest of my life. i have learned to manage the pain though there are times when it seeps through. there are days that the pain is worse than others.
the intellectual property and hightech industries are still trying to figure out what to make of twitter’s recent patent announcement. the company has stated that it will begin using a new patent assignment agreement it calls the innovator’s patent agreement (ipa).
soft warm snuggles turn cold
he declared
strangely i am blocked in writing this blog right now. i wonder if this means i should stop or keep on eking out these little fragments? (do you eke? eek? is this even a word?) yet i am spurting forth today the essay book. actually this is causing me some anxiety the flow. i am dangerously writing too much i am being too excessive this book about the excessive. although to me the flow the purge is better than the block. at least psychically. yesterday....nothing came. and i wrapped myself in melancholy i sobbed in the shower i went to the whole foods and sat outside in the something heat and ate vegan egg rolls. i bought guacomole and almond milk chocolate ice cream. i think im getting my period. but sometimes this life of being alone and writing is absolutely agonizing. i want to be done with the book and take a break and go to coffeeshops and read. thats all i want to do is go to a coffeeshop and read thomas bernhard novels or something. im not very good at working too much staying disciplined for too long. like today i had a good day then i crawled in bed and watched glee. i dont even like glee.
) a man’s heart is like a puzzle any woman can do it provided that she puts the right piece in the right place.
me “yea sweetie?
and archaeological evidence of the civilizationdaroo monhenjo easter island and the pyramid of egypt and south america.
the only difficult thing about the books was the high number of deaths and tragedies. and it doesnt end when they finally arrive in oregon. one of the deaths at the end of book (of joshuas grandfather) really took the wind out of our sails and at that point kieran did not want me to read any more a few days later though he wanted me to finish.
the next time girl crazy came to the screen it would have the color (metro not techni) that this version lacked but thats about all. still considering the chaotic and uncertain atmosphere abroad in hollywood at the time its remarkable that the third outing didnt turn out even worse than it did.
jesus submits to torture and crucifixion. films like the passion of the christ give us some idea of the agony he went through. but we can never really grasp the horror of his mental and physical anguish.
with five brushing modes and a twominute timer the makers promise to improve gum health in as little as days.
water as required
tsp mixed spice
on wednesday october 
hes undeniably very talented doing the best version of come together ive ever heard including by the beatles but it was his humour i especially liked. and the fact that he um has no trouble clenching a guitar firmly between his knees for many minutes at a time (see slightly underexposed picture below). he mentioned at one point that hed been in prison in mexico and then when there was a bit of toothsucking and muttering about how you shouldnt say that from the front row he introduced his next song as being about spanking children.
 i didnt add any jewelry tights or accessories other than things that i store in my closet (i.e. belts). im tired and i didnt feel like digging around in my jewelry boxes.
the number of cyberattacks globally spiked significantly last year and more and more attackers have targeted smaller organizations as well as large ones reported cybersecurity firm symantec corp. recently.
* you want unseen things to touch you.
i was reading a post by another blogger several weeks ago and they mentioned that they had a schedule for their blog certain topics for certain days.
“we will need a broadbased support from across the community from helping to organise the daily administration to organise events and also the strategic team to work out the future objectives.
the nice people over at csn stores contacted me about
it is very rare that i post anything personal about myself. im a private person and i see no need to involve my readers in my personal life but once in a while i feel a need to reach out and connect. by the time this post airs ill be getting ready to go to my doctors for my six month annual visit to check my thyroid.
e how do the trends for the south differ from those of up north?
control – multiple teams across multiple organisations may have different service level commitments for delivering into an integrated business service.
marcus sedgwick seems to be one of the authors that i forget all about and then i discover another of his books and fall for his writing all over again
desc housefull … the dirty dozen is the second superstar packed installment in the hf franchise. a completely new story with new characters and a new star cast hf is bigger than its predecessor in every aspect. it is the story of four fathers four daughters and four prospective soninlaws and as the second half of the tile suggests they are the dirty dozen. each father wants his daughter to marry the richest soninlaw each daughter thinks she is marrying the richest soninlaw each soninlaw is pretending to be the richest soninlaw. each character is flawed unscrupulous and extremely entertaining. the good news for the audience is that none of these people can stand each other and all of them are under one roof in one house as the first half of the title suggests – housefull
do as im doing
bollock brothers harley david (son of a bitch) d
shortly after osama bin laden was sent to meet his maker rush limbaugh lambasted the guy’s housekeeping. on his show limbaugh noted that with three wives youd think osamas house would have been a little neater rather than strewn with rotten food soiled linen and dirty dishes.
i’ve often had people in my mastermind groups who are struggling looking for the answer hoping to find the right formula … and looking everywhere but within. it isn’t uncommon for someone to lay their troubles at my feet and say “what would you do rémy?” i could tell them what i would do but that would be imitation. and then you know they’d come back to me and cry out “it didn’t work what did you leave out?”
its not fair to jt that hes away from his daughters and its not fair to the girls that they cant see daddy but weve agreed that well do this long distance thing for a year until jt can establish himself at his new job. i left my home hawaii six years ago and it totally broke my heart. then i moved back to the island with jt ju ju and soapy four years ago and i thought wed never move again. but we had to move again this time to nj... ever since then i feel like im not the same person anymore. something inside me shifted and ive put a huge guard and try not think too much about hawaii.
loréal brought proceedings against ebay and a number of its users in various member states including before the high court of england and wales alleging widespread infringement of its ip rights on ebays european websites. in particular loréal sought a ruling that
what i dont understand about this is the incessant desire to ignore the oppressive structures of society and instead turn everything into a personal choice. who would choose oppression? why on the world would someone decide to be oppressed? if ending these things were as simple as making an active choice then why hasnt the entire kyriarchy come apart at the seams? i mean there are tons of people who would do anything to not have to wake up and keep struggling to survive and be counted. why is your positive thinking enough to save you and theirs isnt? oh yeah sunrises.
rich i’m not sorry i stole your poncho.
the animal part of us wants to get in the car to drive two blocks to the neighbor’s house (or better yet to pick up the telephone) instead of walking because it is responding to evolutionary pressure to conserve energy. evolutionary pressure that is responding to conditions that no longer exist since there is effectively zero chance of you having to run away from a predator before dinner or to chase after a rare opportunity to catch wild game. however your body is relying on two million years of genetic memory that you will be exercising your human capacities for endurance soon. only you won’t. what your elephant wanted (and probably got) was a short ride in a nice airconditioned car. what your elephant needed was some good cardiovascular exercise. and how about that commute to work? here are two interesting facts from contemporary psychology. a person does not adapt to long and stressful commutes even after years of experience there are measurable cognitive impairments. a person does adapt to smaller living environments. after just two months of living in a significantly smaller space a person’s average happiness returns to the same level as when living in a larger space. we build suburbs because we don’t know understand and accept who we are as a species. we believe the illusions and then we act on them.
** its been such a long wait for this book and its finally releasing next year. i seriously cant wait to read more of mary and james.
 fireman
photography and enlightenment had begun a intriguing relationship.
jimmy allen is wellknown within church of christ circles as an evangelist and additionally within the harding university community as a bible professor. it’s in the latter role that i know him best as i took his outstanding class on the book of romans during my time at harding. it was in that class (i don’t remember the specific context) that he said these words which i’ll never forget
knowing your gone yet another day.
vg i have a copy to give away as a prize can you think of a question to ask readers and you choose the best reply perhaps?
two lovely ladies passed this sunshine award my way last week if you dont know these two girls yet let me introduce them to you ;d
“but god has no history. he is too completely and utterly real to have one.”
i prayed that these tears would drain me out would eat away my features and more beyond that till i no longer existed.
the uk patent office has responded saying that it will consider the court of appeal’s decision and will issue a practice notice in the next few days.
in november a planning application was submitted for a geometric three storey end terrace designed to complement the streetscape without emulating neighbouring houses. this was achieved by matching the red brickwork of surrounding properties and choosing a dark stain for the siberian larch cladding.
watercress
you never know what might happen.
the grande villas team are also motivating an engaging our entire staff and guests to get involved with the american heart association start movement program.
we would love pictures of you in your green you can email them to lindsayjmarkert@hotmail.com.
yet is it impossible though?
something borrowed or something blue an old school hat or a pot of cold irish stew?
delicately dexterous and ready to deal.
even though the bnp have proscribed the edl the media treat them as interchangeable as they try to slot the bnp into their ideology as “thugs” and “knuckle draggers.”
second would be to whip it up like how you do a normal whipped cream frosting. bring the ganache to room temperature and whip on high for minutes or so. this could work for cupcakes.
she had majored in english literature at raffles college and was a voracious reader reading everything from jane austen to j.r.r. tolkien from thucydides’ the peloponnesian wars to virgil’s aeneid to the oxford companion to food and seafood of southeast asia to roadside trees of malaya and birds of singapore.
are brewdog good for craft beer?.
cardstock bazzill we r memory keepers
according to the good doctor and his chapter on illnesses we are living in a swirling hotbed of diphtheria particles and rheumatic fever globules. if your child should happen to get mumps or one of the various poxes youre probably going to need to administer an enema or a suppository maybe both. theyre pretty standard even for the sniffles.
the ugly truth
jamie’s life has completely fallen apart. finding her way back won’t be easy but when her dad gets himself into serious trouble will jamie be ready to rescue him and maybe even forgive him?
ya is hot.
mary ann gained employment as a nurse at sunderland infirmary where she met her second husband george ward. they married on th august . george continued to suffer greatly with ill health before he died in october of intestinal problems. the doctor attending his case confirmed that george was an ill man but his sudden death was unexpected. mary ann collected the insurance money from her second husbands death.
i was friends with the other daughter.
with two little children in school
another reason i didn’t put up the estimate progress for tsr is the change of thought i don’t find that i should anyway now. it would certainly be without any problems as long as progress goes on steadily but then what if it doesn’t? what if the staff needs to take a break or something and it doesn’t move for a while? i think it’ll kind of create the negative effect on the public when the numbers doesn’t move for some time which might cause a negative effect on the staff as well. editing progress on tsr is not really constant and fixed due to it being a side project and the extensive changing on text so it’ll probably be best to just keep it this way.
the past few years i have encouraged a precious woman from our congregation to write her story. a few days ago she shared with me a story about the day her son was killed in an automobile accident.
i bought these tiny garden tools years ago or maybe and knew id find a use for them one day i think the dibber might make a nice closure for the book and the trowel and fork will be added to one of the pages.
what do yall think? i found the lantern at target for $. usually i wont spend that much on a decoration but this is about feet tall & something just screamed out to me. i took some cheep bunches of flowers from michaels as well as some vines & hot glued the heck up out of it
the cam moderators offer running commentary which i’m finding rather amusing
no this is psa is a warning to avoid the following while reading the reviews on the amazing veet
. the rhythum goes on ()
dear evil hr lady
readers agreed more on who should play harry than on any other question. when asked to choose between andy garcia johnny depp sam elliott tony shahloub and humphrey bogart a whopping % of the responses identified sam elliott as the actor theyd like to see portray harry.
a certain jalaleddine farsi who had run for president in iran then withdrawn his candidacy as his greatgrandfather was of afghani origin thus rendering him ineligible by the terms of the iranian constitution and the late muhammad saleh husseini then imam khomeinis mideast representative and director of islamic liberation movements met on august with major general saleh abu shereida chief of libyan intelligence and close confidant of qaddafi at the beirut international hotel.
it is hard and inflexible. a normal teat is squishy so you can actually get milk out. the good news is that the milk is still ok and i can get milk out if i milk her by squeezing the lower part of the udder and the upper part of the teat. the bad news is that it is very painful for her and she will get mastitis if i can’t keep the milk flowing or unless i dry her off so that there is no milk production at all. you can’t stimulate milk production on one side and not the other.
regarding funds earmarked to buy
the thing inside me that brings forth the disease
we had a small little party for her.
‘hello’ she says ‘i’m libriumia’
please check for the buyer reviews and ratings of dell studio xps desktop intel® coretmi (.ghz) genuine windows® home premium bit gb ddr tb hd nvidia geforce g mb single drive x cdvd burner (dvd+rw) wouble layer write capability (gigabit) ethernet wireless from the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
 toronto on molson amphitheatre
pants onyx wear – “mish” mesh jeans – aqua (culture shock exclusive)
sometimes i think i have to do something grand in order for it to be worthwhile or noticed. sometimes i feel overwhelmed because i dont know where i will get the time the means or the idea for "what" i should do. sometimes i wonder if the little things done daily really matter or if every day should be something fabulous. and then i ruminate about the idea that maybe the little things are the grand things.
is it possible to fall in love with someone you’ve never met? imogen summers thinks so – because it’s happened to her.
heres hoping you all will be blessed with good health and happiness in this new year....and as always would appreciate you comments and visits again.
seductive. all it takes is a higher end brand than calvin klein pro stretch are really comfortable you never get hot or feel uncomfortable. the original series is also worn for support and a bra youll wonder how you ever lived without. sexy fabric a blend of % cotton and % elastane youre sure to enjoy every pound of ck a top choice for casual use perfume. packed in . oz bottles and weighing . lbs you are a woman its for you.
he had walked the streets of rainsoaked mumbai for the last four days. a rucksack hung limply on his shoulders with all his belongings. a toilet bag a change of clothes a few coins and some apples were all that he took when he left home.
free state brewing co. old stormy
the cosmsits conclude “please try to understand we have already taken all your objections into consideration decades ago. as we want to make a favorable impression on the imminent artilect in a gesture of unmistakable generosity we will use our latest replication technology to transform all terrans or luddites as some of you prefer to be called into virtual cows so that you may contentedly moo in the fields. as cows you wouldn’t care what the rest of us are doing.”
"it’s a whippet he’s fast"
he also told the truth about norway’s ‘islamblocks’ in oslo. that is blocks of ‘subsidised and lowcost’ housing especially created for muslims. how on earth is multiculturalism served by creating subsidised muslim ghettos? that’s the exact opposite of multiculturalism. it is in fact muslim hegemony and supremacism funded by the state itself. it’s a massive case of leftist social engineering.
 teaspoon ground cumin
prevacid for babies is a mix of a solutab and a solution. the two things have to be compounded by the pharmacy. following the prevacid coming home it must always be refrigerated. for the best efficacy it should be administered times a day hours apart and a half hour before feeding. but. when barrett took the very same meds we noticed that even though the script was meant for weeks the intended outcome seemed to be reduced. its like this.
voice call razorsharp metal chink notes; also gives some lean lispy paperwork and an energized squealing sequence of paperwork often provided as a duet by a couple. song increasing chink paperwork with stutters in the center.
as i write this i do so with great pains in my heart because i know that god has given intelligence in equal measure to all his children irrespective of the colour of their skin. the problem with us black people is that we have refused to use our intelligence to organise ourselves socially and politically.
therefore in my opinion anyone can write a good blog post. what you want to say is right there at your fingertips. show the world youre not afraid of the blogging police and make your blog stand out. if you want to follow blogging etiquette then do; but remember that if you dont your blog is still as good as everyone elses. because youre out there doing what you feel is right and not what others feel is wrong.
i think this is the third compact ive finished of this and i will for sure be ordering a fourth. it is a great setting powder and works amazingly well over bb creams and tinted moisturizer.
here’s my march calendar
god loves you friend he loves you so much that he cannot and will not violate your right to choose.
a pause as she cocked her head to her side and bit on her lower lip.
"girlfriend says you are looking well and wants to know if you have lost weight."
thomas edison and tesla were mentioned in a press dispatch as potential laureates to share the nobel prize of leading to one of several nobel prize controversies. some sources have claimed that because of their animosity toward each other neither was given the award despite their scientific contributions; that each sought to minimize the others achievements and right to win the award; that both refused ever to accept the award if the other received it first; and that both rejected any possibility of sharing it. – wikipedia
but why the long time? because i don’t know what to say anymore. because i am afraid that if i see my newest plan in black and white i won’t feel as good about it. because my meds have allowed me to live in the moment and i dread the thought of reawakening my obsession with the future.
just one more thing before i post the recipe this potentially could be a fairly healthy recipe if you follow it according to how krista posted it. i used what i had on hand as opposed to making a point to pick up reducedsodium chicken broth and fat free milk. (im awful i know)chicken with rosemaryonion sauce
major points for being thoughtful creative and healthy. you done good boy.
year of release 
. smoking and talking on your phone means you aren’t paying attention to the road @$$hole i almost had a close encounter with an idiot of the third kind thankful in no small part to his failure as a multitasker behind the wheel. some people need to spend more time with their eyes on the road and less time chatting on their phones. the only question i have is whether he’ll eventually eliminate himself from the gene pool via a car accident or lung cancer.
and you must always mind the fence that surrounds the village. the fence that protects the village from the forest of hands and teeth.
hood and rain cover included
in a pressure cooker heat up the oil over medium and cook the chopped onion until translucent or minutes. add the lentils and chicken broth stir. place the lid on the pressure cooker turn the heat to high. when the pressure cooker has reached full pressure turn the heat to medium and cook for minutes. remove the pressure cooker from the heat and let it rest for minutes to finish cooking. carefully let out the remaining pressure.
point out equality act.
sound off what are your thoughts on some of the issues mentioned above? are there other problems that you feel need to be recognized or discussed?
it is very similar to one i have done in the past. i have created cloud masks then added broken china to the card. i have then used create a tree and find joy everyday (m emberson). the frame is spellbinder nestabilities fleur de lis and i have added a wee bit of bling to the flowers.
 toothpaste sensitive ml $. each (colgate)
now we had a plan and a date to work to.
in case youre wondering i have no photos of swarovski crystals not because they werent present but because i couldnt get my camera to record the glitter. but i was glad to see they werent in a huge quantities made infamous by some quilts of years past such as a big winner at paducah that had crystals on the back. perhaps this is a result of the stilltroubled economy who can afford them in bulk?
what was worrying me was that she would often have accidents at preschool. quite often at naptime she would wake up with wet clothes something that never happens at home. the school were encouraging her to pee before going down for nap and she always did. then her teacher noticed that often she wasnt actually even asleep when these accidents happened. this had me a bit flummoxed. why would a kid who had been potty trained for over a year pee her pants almost every day specifically at nap time? i was constantly bringing new spare clothes to keep in her cubby at school geekygirl obligingly slecting a new cache every monday morning.
it dropped. the sun – by this time up – flashed on the burnished blade as it described an arc in falling. simultaneously the sound of the volley rang out. flame and a tiny puff of greyish smoke issued from the muzzle of each rifle. automatically the men dropped their arms.
“it’s going to be a lot more money” he said.
in proposing to replace the word euthanasia with the term “aide médicale à mourir” the committee is introducing a euphemism that both trivializes and is likely to conceal underlying moral and ethical issues.
entered into
and the little boy locked up his brakes causing black tire marks all down his arm.
she watched them
thanks again to everyone who participated.
. colton dixon bahahahahahaha it’s about time i have liked one maybe two of the performances from this square in punk’s clothing. when he has me rooting for the low key white guy with an acoustic guitar to beat him he has accomplished something truly special.
we also had some "wordyfun" too 
song can’t help but waito sick
this is my horse for the kentucky derby.
then i read translations of the vedas by some indian authors (pandey etc) and got an impression that the vedic rshis were like children asking for cows and health and victory in battle.
but who is angel and who is demon and will the demons succeed in murdering allison?
in summary then the best routine seems to be readiness and preparedness for the challenge to face you although if you have a routine for gods sake don’t change it now you never know it may be the reason for your results or luck.
i prefer cigarettes. and roses an velvet. and eyes yours i saw as the comfort of softness
.) at brodhead’s request trask replied to faculty assertions that the lacrosse players had an excessive amount of problems. the executive vice president said that based on inquiries into the matter he had conducted the previous summer he had not seen anything in the lacrosse team’s university discipline records that didn’t seem to have been dealt with appropriately or that required further intervention on the administration’s part. (he reportedly prefaced his remarks by saying that he reached this conclusion “as much as i would have liked to have found something” suggesting that trask was not a figure who would sugarcoat data in the lacrosse players’ favor.) since the players tended to do things in a group he explained if one was found with an open container several others would be cited for the same offense.
house of five leaves has its warm and humorous moments and each of the characters are actually intriguing despite the fact that the series reveals very little about them. still what we do learn about ume matsu and otake make them all the more likeable in the long run. it’s also great to see that the series managed to capture the visual presence that natsume ono brought to her manga. her art is rather crude at times but that’s what makes it different and different can be a very good thing.
davidson institute. this organizations enewsupdate for march is out with information about the intel science talent search the khan academy nsgt scholarships for gifted students and more. find the newsletter.
for instance in brazil faster drivers are instructed to pass on left while slower drivers remain on the right. in the u. s. those instructions are the same but most often you’ll find some slow guy in the fast lane clogging up traffic. here that is a rare case because your partners on the road won’t stand for it. everyone is forced to share the same level of skill and acquire a similar amount of awareness.
i’m impressed by how you’ve responded directly and respectfully to what sounds like some outside criticismlaming about your decision making. are you ever tempted just to ignore it? do they ever respond?
jonas a companion from afar who joins severian near the end of the first volume is one such example. wounded in an attack about twothirds into this volume jonass body of cells and metal represents a sort of a reverse cyborg; a machine clothing itself in human parts in order to repair some prior damage. severians attempts to "heal" jonas are only partial but this melding of the biological with the mechanical in the person of jonas perhaps could be viewed as a metaphor for the interactions between the physical body and the spiritual soul. however the text is ambiguous on this point and i do not have citations to present to support this point.
thanks david for your efforts. everyone else how will you use the information and join the conversation what will you do to be more transparent?
now it seems leskes is getting a new lease on life. i was in the area the other day and saw some workers hanging outside the bakery. investigating i found a couple articles and notices taped to the windows saying that the shop was due to reopen. signs said leskes would have new management but the same bakers it had before. it will reopen in may.
across the tablecloth we will dance with the words of an easy band blues and romance on a violinist’s draw. we will talk of love and lust of starlight startled of how our children light the launch of dawn. i will swim languidly in the detail of her presence.
. e.m.i.
my sister made these cute rice krispie treat lollipops that spells out cora (the babys name). i love how they set them up in the beautiful bassinet. thank you tammy for the beautiful bassinet
the emergence of mbak hesti with her beautiful blog hesti’s kitchen is just like a breeze to raise the popularity of eastern indonesian culinary especially from sulawesi. through her blog i’m introduced more to the beauty of exotic eastern indonesian food. and i never thought before that sulawesi food can be that pretty and mouthwatering ^^. the fact that i love about eastern indonesian food is that it uses more marine product instead of chicken or beef as the main meat source d.
have you been stumped by what do to with all your digital photos? i hope this has given you some insight and inspiration to work with the way you think and recall memories while still accomplishing the goal of logical organization. since the way we take photos today doesnt always end up in a box to store we have to think outside the box when it comes to organizing. the gift of memories is that much sweeter when there is an organized system for retrieving and reliving those memories through our photos.
the first time megan tried to kill herself she was in elementary school. by the time she was in middle school she began to slip razorblades through her skin. before she graduated high school she manically shaved off her eyebrows. she refused to leave her bed for days at a time. she clung to friendships with people who did not exist. she had multiple suicide attempts. she developed a reliance on prescription drugs and an addiction to recreational drugs…
please apply in writing enclosing a cv and a covering letter stating your suitability for the post to katy.fox@traplet.com or craft stamper magazine traplet publications traplet house pendragon close malvern wr ga.
... unless it comes in the form of dessert.
from the cover the oxford university chest is that august universitys quaint term for its treasury so called because its curators used to keep the cash in an ironstudded box. sir john betjemans book is therefore aptly named for it is a treasurehouse of amusing sketches of university life lyrical tributes to oxfords pastoral pleasures and characteristically pungent architectural judgements. first published in and reproduced here without revision or retrospective embellishment an oxford university chest is a delightful period piece an unashamedly sentimental evocation of the charms beauties and absurdities of oxford.
robyn was probably about th level and he was pretty pathetic. i loved him anyway. every single thing robyn had i had to claw and scrape to get. he had a + gem that absorbed into his quarterstaff that was his primary magic item. he also had a cool steel ball that would expand to indy jones trap size when rolled at enemies. he also had "the copper tube" or "copper wand". more on that in another post.
there’s nothing else like kings & queens so if you’re hoping for a read that’s different twisted and quirky this is it. and the ebook is currently on sale for $. so you can check it out now and save $ off the regular price.
.) he taught me how to love and be loved. he loves me unconditionally which i always assumed was reserved for pets and children.
as have several big changes in my life. for example thats how i ended up moving to north carolina. see ... i had every intention of moving back to vermont after finishing graduate school in upstate new york. then it snowed. in late march. enough to completely bury my car so it wasnt even a slight bump in the vast sea of white. in very. late. march. now i live in north carolina.
we were all miserably full but we enjoyed the food and had a great time
and when we use that deposit to pay our bills then the recipient places that same money in their bank creating yet another deposit. and they pay it to somebody else and so on indefinitely.
eur m worth of bonds due july at yields of . percent subscribed . times.
plus i figured it’d be a welcome respite from all the hume posts…
many thanks to reader alyson for that entry. karat localad gold.
have your equipment ready for when you need it. gymnasts like writers do not need much personal equipment to practice their sport but if you leave your grips at home you can’t practice on the high bar. if you don’t have a pad a pen a computer or even a recorder on which to take notes then you can’t write. always have your equipment handy and in good working condition.
naturally i’m starting to think more and more about the run itself visualising profiles and predicting checkpoint arrival times; “i may be running uphill for minutes here… downhill for minutes there…”. it’s not hugely scientific but it has led me to a dilemma…
every time i stumble across a new blog i get inspired all over again to get out here and share my experiences. today is no different. i had the opportunity to share some experiences about being a stepmom with other stepmoms (which i cherish) and got to thinking about how i ended up here because as they say “baby you’ve come a long way.”
archeologists tell us that the popular sports in italy of early indoeuropeans into the popular sports in italy. the common marketplace that was about all. however this situation has modified drastically and no other hidden costs. this prepaid italy sim card. after the popular sports in italy is over the popular sports in italy of the eu have actively made the mediterranean six hundred years later.
that’s all for now hope your tuesday is fabulous )
the problem with the sailors facing the wrath of euroclydon was that they did not know the lord. they did not know the one who controls the weather. we have an example of this in mark . “and he arose and rebuked the wind and said unto the sea peace be still and the wind ceased and there was a great calm.”
"thats a good question" said manju rajendran one of the organizers of the potbanger protests. "why is there not a massive reaction every time a rape occurs? i feel like that should happen any time theres rape." some say the city is fatigued by the lacrosse case and people might be treading carefully because of the controversy and criticisms lobbed from near and far.
a few mins later a call on my cell phone from the central alarm system office. i called right back and cancelled the panic alarm and gave them our password etc.
you know that they will be there for you through thick and thin
i bought my very first bottle of sriracha (its a hot sauce) for this recipe and im pretty excited about it. its not just hot. there is a smokiness and a depth of flavor behind the heat that is tasty. the first thing that hit my palate was the heat but if you hang in there after the heat fades theres more to taste beyond the heat and that "more" is really nice. i think ill be using it (albeit cautiously) in more recipes in the future. i found it in the asian foods section of my grocery store although its made in california and it has a rooster on the bottle. hope that helps.
the result is that she is beloved despite the fact that she exemplifies the worst traits of the working class. and no matter how complex that love is the show is very much aware of her cruelty and the rest of the characters show little respect for her the fact of the matter is that she normatizes the idea that ignorance and bigotry are traits to be proud of in the working class. indeed the fact that she’s beloved by the audience and frequently hated by the other characters only adds a perversity to her negative traits. given that she is beloved because of her continual perseverance through adversity the fact that she is derided for her ignorance nosiness and cruelty by other characters only becomes another source of adversity.
i asked leah how she liked the doctor. she told me about the blood pressure cuff that squeezed her leg when the nurse took her blood pressure.
here’s the thing. when you’re used to being a people pleaseroormat in your daily life this is how you show up in romantic relationships. i can tell you with % certainty that this is a huge turn off for men. a man (i.e. a man who will honour you) wants to be with a love goddess and a love goddess is a woman who is able to say no from a place of love because she has learned to love herself (not in a narcissistic way) but in a “i am worthy” kind of way. a love goddess attends to her needs and her dreams first because once she’s happy and fulfilled she has so much more to give to others.
with one
my new favorite bike store. its between a yoga clothing storetudio and a vegan restaurant all shops are run by lovely people. this might be one of my favorite blocks in brooklyn.
all in all very successful except i have hens and there are approximately ten nests that are used on a rota basis. i dont need to join a gym really. clearly the girls confer during the night in order to test my resolve. last week they lay eggs behind the huge mountain of logs in the woodshed and the saying i saw something nasty in the woodshed has never been truer. i made it to the top of the unsteady pile and spotted eggs but then the pile moved and i ended up on my derriere. apparently country folk are taught from an early age not to climb bales or wood stacks this wasnt mentioned in st johns wood london.
. lying under the blanket of doom watching the telly (masons will get this)
 sprigs thyme or t dried thyme
there’s plenty of action too. i absolutely love the way the film treats the ghostly visions with scrooge’s contemporary environment often dissolving to reveal the vision. the best example of this comes with the ghost of christmas present as the floor of their ornate room dissolves to reveal the city of london. the room goes swooping over the city giving us a wonderful and rich vision of the bright warm room and the harsh cold city. as creepy as the human characters can be to look at the environments look amazing.
she turned on that significant yg charm to those costumed folk. they were grabbing her hand pulling her up on stage and hugging her at every given opportunity.
catherine deneuve in potiche and glenn close in albert nobbs.
i had to get into town yesterday prepare my mind stagger my lists of our most dire needs the idea was a quick turn around the vision brief inconveniences but a zoomthru. i was wrong. every day is black friday now every retailer anticipating the every need of the breathless consumer too consumed in consuming to gift wrap the items being purchased. thus gift wrapping service is back restructured in prototypical style for todays overworked workers such as mens plaid pajama pants prewrapped for your convenience in a matching plaid flannel goldcorded drawstring bag. "just throw it under the tree". many people will. (then why bother to wrap anything at all?) i looked at them briefly in sideways glances appearing to look beyond them wondering what their lives must be like. i wondered now that unemployment benefits are on hiatus again what were they thinking standing between the cashier and the card reader ashenfaced waiting for approval. approval. and believe you me this place was not neimans. no this prefab aluminum freestanding hvacd energy whale was only one of millions dotting the face of our tortured planet providing an all under one roof multiaisled mall. you may call them by their brand names but they bear little separation from their engineering departments prototype illustrated in the engineering manual belonging to the mother ship. that is why they all look alike and feel alike. the little guys just cant get on board unless they are too absorbable to fail meaning they statistically clockedin with a profitable niche and bear aaa rated potential for mass consumption suitable for whichever targeted age and income demographic is most available for pocket picking. enter the marketeers. this too is all in the manual as a no child left behind sort of thing.
i cant even explain the pain i get every night in the lady bits. im not sure why its worst at night for me but there have been times its woken me up and kept me awake for hours. we fondly refer to it as "combat boot vagina syndrome" where it feels like someone kicked you with steeltoed combat boots.
and in days not only will i have contributed to something but itll be april and maybe i wont be so cold. see? happiness for two reasons
but i thought that was normal all over the us. it’s illegal here yeah; but so was alcohol at a time and people still drank. i prefer stoners to violent drunks personally and i tend to think of marijuana as a silly mostly harmless drug. i don’t see why it’s illegal other than some historic fear and propaganda but i don’t care either way really. i just think that the laws should serve the people not the reverse and i really hate hypocrisy.
dhi is the thinking part of your mind.
the puma “bring me back” program which is run in cooperation with global recycling company ico aims at encouraging the recycling and reusability of sportlifestyle products among consumers by providing a convenient and simple process consumers bring used shoes clothing and accessories from any manufacturer to a puma store and deposit them in the designated bring me back bins.
writing the christian romance (writers digest books )
"hello
now i only recall my friend crying one time before and that was because of a death in the family but let me tell you he cried tears of laughter that august morning. for the rest of that weekend any time it would get quiet he would get a smirk on his face followed shortly after by chuckle or an amusing (to him) comment.
turmeric powder – ¼ teaspoon
. ultramarine stella
its hard to believe that i actually have to work at enjoying my food considering how much brainspace it occupies. maybe the daydream of food sets an unreasonable expectation for the experience of it? ...
. born to run
 hillock farm
the first problem with the contemporary debate is the tendency for opponents of enhancement to rely on murky and overblown rhetoric to mask their (presumably feeble) arguments.
so now as i take photos to preserve our familys memories i think in terms of composite memory photos. not just photos of the family at special times but photos that capture the everyday joys as well. i find myself photographing objects that bring laughter and happiness to my family as well as the photos of the family members. often i am thinking how a photograph could be used as a background for a memory composite or in conjunction with other photos to capture the memory. here is one memory photo created using one of the sponge bob play set photographs.
new york mayor michael bloomberg just gave $ million to the sierra club to support its “beyond coal” campaign. bloomberg actually thinks it’s a good thing the sierra club has managed to stop coalburning plants from being built. meanwhile during the current heat wave providers of electricity are worrying whether they can continue to meet the increased demand for it. coal provides % of all the electricity we use in america.
which would infinitely enrich your life
i was recently in a doctor’s office with my year old daughter. as she explored the room she rose up before two trashcans with rounded lids and started drumming on them with her hands. when i asked her if she was playing the drums it hit me she has almost no context for anything in her world. for her those very well could be drums in the middle of the doctor’s office and why not? the first few years of a child’s life comprise the most formative years for brain and thought development. this is the stage i jokingly refer to as the “formatting the hard drive” stage when children are learning the basics of how to draw “dixie cups” from the vast formless ocean of thought by learning basic pattern organization and situational context.
that life has for us on the wrack
the other day ced asked me why are you always in strange situations?? how do you do it? i think he kinda envies me (lol) because always strange things happen to me.
dr. hall agreed that olivia had some indicators of cerebral palsy in addition to arthrogryposis. she said some amc children do respond to botox but that added with her clonus and cognitive disabilities meant she did fit the description of cp in some ways. she reminded us that cp and amc are both descrptions and minus those with amyoplasia there are many many causes of amc.
my friend katya and i decided to celebrate today by going out to eat. i thought that the best place for no sugar no dairy would be a vegan restaurant. what i didn’t realize is that nearly everything there contains soy which is a nono for me now. nearly all the side sauces and dressings contain vinegar also off the cart. looking at the menu i felt like i was back on the milk fast… confronted with the huge array of things and not able to have any of them. i was especially sad to learn that their seitan was marinated in soy sauce which limited my options even further ( i finally settled on a side of curried chickpeas and kale and a glass of raw almond milk. both were pretty good and we shared some guacamole and corn chips. i got to try some of katya’s mac & “cheese” before it disappeared. all in all it was definitely a celebratory and enjoyable outing but a serious eye opener regarding the kinds of challenges i’m going to face eating out and sticking to being a vegetarian.
 tsp. baking powder
u.s. department of the treasury
unseen by her he rolled his eyes. “come on baby... stop being such a tease”
he looked like he was from india.
who did the red glow of elimination shine upon?
so for me leftover porkchops stale hotdog buns and some deli cheese sounded like something i could work with. sliced pork sandwiches it is.
tomorrow we will find out america’s saves.
 simple snack swaps
dales tip for staying toasty in winter position yourself strategically and enjoy two heat sources at one time sunshine on your front end and heat from the radiator on your rear end
beautiful rapture fills my soul
coming soon printable books. you’ll be able to print your diary in hard copy format
some grocery store flowers x february 
plus if i washed my jeans i might miss out on the chance of seeing a beautiful ordinary boy on the train after a hard night while wearing my dirty jeans…
this exhibit is currently on display at the dorchester senior citizens center through the summer and is available for public viewing. in addition there is a permanent display of the other crafts made by the seniors that is also open to the public. please call the center at for hours of operation and come on by. wed love to see you.
that my soul had gathered some riches too?
blast from the past
. elis – anger
i have joined the google+ community which does not allow nudity in its tos agreement. i dont know if that applies to figurative artwork but i know that my blog photos are saved automatically into a picasa album which will also be linked to the g+ account. i have set that account in g+ to be private but there is a link in my profile on g+ that points to this blog so just to be on the safe side ive set it to "adult." i apologize for the inconvenience i know its an extra step to view the pictures here. i think the whole thing is pretty silly none of my work is of a prurient nature but i guess its what i have to put up with to be involved in a free service.
the gunman was described as a black male feet tall about pounds with black hair and brown eyes.
“let me“ addison tried to say something but the girl hung the phone up the last thing she heard was the woman’s giggle. “damn it.” she glared at the phone in her hand calling the manor again.
and ill hide the maid in a cypress tree
i have some really fun things to show you this week ive been a sewing diva lately. from sewing my own cute pajama bottoms to refashioning projects. stay tuned
joel barrett and david seymour have been happily partnered for years. they first met at the daily grind a coffee shop which joel used to manage. david decided to try the coffee at the shop and joel immediately made his intentions known when they met. about months later they went on their first date. due to many other factors surrounding their relationship race plays a very small role in any tensions they may experience from others.
depending on how long you decide to fast it is recommended that you seek a physician’s approval first. being prediabetic i have learned through experience that i cannot go completely without food for a day and will have to make modifications to my own fast.
i can imagine if i said to him i told you never to do that again he might think i showed you not to leave me alone with it
thank you i guess i just needed to realize that i have to trust god no matter how unfair something may seem. it’s in spite of the trials we always have god’s promise that the trials and tests that we go through are for our good (romans hebrews corinthians james ). we learn that it is through trust that our relationship with god strengthens and our love for him grows.
why as i mentioned above my inspiration was action art hence the title above (yes it really is called “i spit up colors and prettythings” an artistic “throwing up” of sorts) but my initial muses were pieces of eclectic ultra modern visually far out art i saw while on vacay on royal caribbean’s oasis of the seas. there are over awesome artworks on that titanic (bad choice of words i know but prayerfuly meaningless) ship most of which were comissioned especially for oasis. so in between boogie boarding island stops near hour bellystuffing seeing dudes in kilts & drinking shots i viewed the wonders of postpost modern art love the simplicity but at once fresh in your faceness of this type of art. thanks muses…….and boozeman (our dinner drink waiter) thank you too.
on the same table as above i placed an " x " piece of cardstock on which i had painted a leafless tree trunk. i had three colors of green ink for guests to ink up their finger or thumb stamp it somewhere on the tree and sign it. i printed "baby grisham a special addition to our family tree" matted it and placed it near the bottom of the tree. this will be framed to hang in the nursery for a memento of the shower. the only photo i took of this is below but maybe you can get an idea from this. it really is cute when filled with "leaf" fingerprints.
i feel as if my life is at a standstill. there are no more exams essays or projects. there are no more car battles for the closest parking space on campus running from class to class or studying. i am no longer an undergraduate.
i absolutely love love loved that “something blue” was incorporated into the show. as one pinterest commenter mentioned a handful of the looks were very “spanish royalty” which oscar being oscar is oh so fitting.
its a global design & consulting firm with studios across continents and odd staff. its pretty mammoth (but global isn’t always glamorous). im very lucky… being a design student and all… to be a party to this be surrounded by talented people and see the real side of architecture and interiors that most of my classmates have no idea about. it was also instrumental in me taking on a double degree in business as well as design – after working around new graduates i now don’t plan on graduating just to become a cadmonkey.
theres also another aspect of adolescence that seems vital and thats having the opportunity to do something real that matters. schools do this by offering leadership opportunities etc but this will only suit the cream of the crop. the vast majority will be going through the motions that have been chosen for them. what i love about unschooling teens is that they get to do what matters to them its authentic its real its usually selfinitiated (yet supported by their parents where necessary or helpful) they get to be true to themselves and really get to know themselves their likes and dislikes & their interests (without being limited to school type subjects or having to choose electives that are on the right strand or that the school offers).
meanwhile i signed up for internet last night so i should have my own superfast signal in exactly one week. until then its very difficult to post pictures (i tried to add a photo to this post and it just would not work) and thus writing posts with pictures of all my travels is pointless right now. i think i got a pretty good deal three months free plus yen to spend at the electronics store where i signed up for service. i get the feeling its the same offer everywhere as i checked a few places. i might get a printer or router if the price is right.
if you live in brisbane or nearby regions you might want to share your poems with an appreciative audience at the monthly speedpoets event. i have been there and the audience is very supportive towards fellow poets. a great atmosphere.
clairei’m claire from kent in the uk married to gary we have gorgeous twin daughters madison & tiegan who are now four.
here is a fun and cute project i did for the morgan kincade school harvest fair....
"for god has not given us a spirit of fear but of power and of love and of a sound mind." timothy 
born 
interior rebel growler.
. postulate the notify of a dr. if the nature of your difficulty is too pressing. if you consider that you love reached a bushel of no repetition. these old counselors bonk unimaginative solutions in their motion
we are back how was your thanksgiving? did you stuff yourselves beyond consciousness?
shhhhhhiiiiiiiiittttttttt
verbal abuse isn’t restricted to use of particular words; even our tone of voice may render us guilty of being abusive. when we give orders to other people or comment on certain behaviours it could be seen as an attack on the other person which could result in damaging relationships forever. verbal abuse could even be more detrimental to a person’s wellbeing than any physical abuse.
similar triglyphs and recessed doors can be found in the description of solomon’s temple ( kings verses and in the description of a temple by the prophet ezekiel ). these biblical texts are replete with obscure technical terms that have lost their original meaning over the millennia. now with the help of the stone model uncovered at khirbet qeiyafa the biblical text is clarified. for the first time in history we have actual objects from the time of david which can be related to monuments described in the bible.
because of x y and z and both of those come down to issues of
“my lord god
on thursday april a doublewhammy of weird knocked me out of current life and into existence as it once was and perhaps ever shall be. i was driving on an unremarkable stretch of route in dover nj in search of the newly opened outpost of a germanowned grocery chain named aldi. this store had mustvisit status for me since a contract german document review job a few years back when i had heard other lawyer temps rhapsodizing about the beloved products they’d found in an aldi. while keeping a lookout for the storefront i spotted a beatup car in the next lane with two poster boards taped across inside back window. a small — very small — triangle had been torn from the bottom and provide the only rear view for the driver. the poster boards were covered with messages written in all capitals in magic marker. the board on the right thanked gov. christie for saving the united states. as my brain rattled in my skull processing that concept my eyes dropped to a poster board rectangle affixed to the right side of the rear bumper obama md. this pingponged me to the poster board on the left which ranted about health care. at the top obama is a sturgeon.
please rsvp palmswestrc@gmail.com
the director and producers wanted a very convincing fire scene for the boat chase. the concept of defeating the pursuers with leaking fuel was a bit lame and they needed to provide a good visual impact for the movie goers to pull it off. they succeeded all to well. if it looks like the actors are really are on fire that’s because they are. the fire got out of control and three members of the crew ended up in the hospital.
. answer the questions set for you in the original post.
yet such intriguing tension fell apart after ava’s eldest brother kiwi left swamplandia and defected to a rival theme park on the mainland.
explore the romance the passion and the danger of the most anticipated series of the last twenty years.
having to elude
toss thoroughly to coat evenly. a tong is perfect tool for this job. or use chopsticks.
first off this isn’t my note but i read it and deemed it fit to share. please go ahead and read as this is one of the most articulate pieces of its kind.
me and mindy at the end of the event
% of preteens and % of teens who’d been cyberbullied told a friend;
we meet by the fire close to the haunted old castle.
also stay tuned for my annual best music of list and a christmas podcast.
well not that big of a fool.
in a medium bowl blend together all ingredients until smooth
so what did they do? they took a man who had suffered years of chinese human rights abominations and in less than one week they asked him of their own admission over and over what do you want to do now? what do you want to do now? what do you want to do now?
so i started looking into things and going through the vast confusion that is bloggers help forums. i submitted a request (i think? it was about as clear as mud as to what i should do...) saw that this apparently happens to many people on a regular basis then carried on with my morning.
my first post “and then i discovered hulu” violated the rules against personal narrative but because it was my first post i thought i would introduce my personal television experience and myself to the audience. i chose that title because it was relatable and would therefore grab the audience’s attention. i was a bit unorganized in my first couple of blog posts as blogging was a completely new experience for me but i soon got the hang of it. every post required multiple revisions but it was worth the effort.
morello who designed it?
the first version was something i havent seen a lot of. this version feels like last weeks yogurt.
for you who are familiar with kpop will definitely knows this boy band. or probably you are a fan of mblaq you have to know everything about this boy band for sure. mblaq consists of members they are seungho g.o lee jun thunder and mir. as long as i know they are very popular in korea. i can’t say anything more about mblaq because i don’t know them so well i’m afraid that i will be mistaken and make a+ (a name given for mblaq’s fandom) going mad at me. but all i know is each member of mblaq can be good father in the future.
* large can chunk white chicken breast shredded (i baked a few chicken breasts and used those instead... i cant stand canned chicken)
i bury the pain
for me the biggest story of the latest wikileaks release so far is the documentation of active arab lobbying against iran and repeated calls for aggressive american intervention. in the leaked reports saudi and several other gulf state officials repeatedly urge america to keep the military option on the table. its interesting to see juan cole and others downplay the significance of these revelations. for cole its all about israel even though saudi and other officials hardly mention the israelipalestinian conflict in these cables (see here for example)
the wristband from laurens show
one skipper and one inexperienced crew wasn’t enough to handle the foot sloop. i knew a japanese woman who was a diver and also keen to learn to sail so suggested her as crew.
there is a lot of talk these days about the legacy we will leave our children and our grandchildren. when i stare into the immediate future i see a frightening legacy caked in darkness and famine. instead of intelligently preparing; we find ourselves whittling away this precious time chasing fraudulent theories. we have a decade to prepare but have a misguided sense of direction and urgency. in ten years from now when the next solar cycle begins; if the sun goes quiet who will comfort the starving children who cry out in the middle of the night for a small piece of bread?
i try really hard to be as transparent as possible when dealing with women but usually they can still see me and then i get in trouble
imagine if you could do it by using simple trigger words to activate involuntary hypnotic “reflexes” in their brains.
i’ve said it before and i’ll say it again – the damn pills are a curse and a blessing. it’s like what they say on ‘once apon a time’… ‘magic has it’s price deary’
he said he was expropriating the company because it had failed to invest sufficiently in bolivia.
had to fuck up my flow
the dispute raises internetage questions about the information people make available about themselves online and how proactive government agencies should be in seeking out that information when it comes to granting taxpayerfunded benefits.
in addition to shape shifting streets cleveland has another tradition multiple streets meeting at intersection like a game of twister. there are several varieties of this head scratching traffic dilemma. first there is the residential stop sign intersection. or streets all meet at an intersection like spokes on wheel and it’s anybody guess which street is considered a continuation of the one you are currently on because you have to veer left or right to get to any one of them. then there is the turn left onto which street intersection. you are at a light. there is a sign that shows the left lane turns left only. the middle lane goes straight only and the right lane turns right only. the only problem is there are or not three streets to choose from after you proceed through the intersection.
 cup toasted coconut
so lets get crafty
other than make a couple of side dishes this is not a difficult dinner to prepare. kimberly is bringing our salad and mfk (my friend kathy) is bringing the dessert. so all i have to do is a couple of side dishes bread and prep the meat how easy is that?
however these problems didnt prevent me from enjoying the story. while i think it could have been better clockwise is still a good read. i was emotionally connected to the characters the plot was quick and interesting and i couldnt wait to see what would happen next. i definitely recommend fans of timetravel to check this book out.
“i am an exiled american and i can’t go home” they say.
if you were featured feel free to grab the button below
well everything it is perfect for spring it is substantial it has the perfect balance of heat and sweetness it makes the perfect picnic lunch my kids like it my husband loves it it tastes even better the next day… i could go on… it’s great for entertaining it’s delicious it’s great for vegans it’s my ‘you so don’t need the meat’ salad i could go on but let’s get cooking…
do plug in your earphones and listen to some music when you need to block out the noise around you.
over time i grew to despise cupcakes. my mission in starting ddc was to offer things you could not get just anywhere. i need not point out that every town has a cupcake shop and every city has many multiples of them. i have been trying to phase out cupcakes for the longest time now because of this plus the fact that they are such a pain in the ass at least the ones i make. i guess i could just make simple toppers that are cute and decorative but you know id never take the easy road.......nope if theres a way to make something complicated and time consuming ill find it. despite finding the production quite tedious i will (just this one time) admit that its cool to see lots of little things in groupings. i do love miniature stuff )
on a podcast i was listening to a fulltime shamanic practitioner in america stated her anger at those who approach her expecting training but offer nothing in return. not money not food not even a bit of help around the house. but they want a full shamanic apprenticeship. what are they expecting? why are they asking?
a ceramic artist had made birdbaths so beautifully mounted on little tree trunk poles. i had to have the fish one. because we are going to be on the garden tour and need beautiful objects to keep up with all those fancy gardens i’ve toured in the cities.
() apples and oatmeal
paruresis has physical causes but ultimately root of paruresis is mental. on top of the fact that paruresis is a mental problem it is exacerbated by negative emotions as well. paruresis itself tends to be magnified by emotional issues the very issues that drive some paruretics into such a severe state of the condition that they often become functional agoraphobics who completely isolate themselves from society and human contact in general. but when a paruretic accepts the condition for what it is a mental disorder that causes physical issues and is made worse with negative emotion they can begin to really make progress. it is my firm belief that the most vital step to truly overcoming not just paruresis but secondary paruresis (the emotional impact that paruresis has) is by being able to have a more positive outlook on not just their condition but life in general.
i thought it would be fun to put together a style board of essentials to bring on a parisian honeymoon ...
anyway. after that there was an incident last summer where owen came in crying and all upset. him and nora had been in the back yard playing in the little kiddie pool. i guess they got into a fight and he hit her. the lady saw and yelled at owen called him a horrible brat or something told him he was a bad kid. wtf
markets around prince edward station
gallery hours wednesday – saturday pm sunday pm
the same north american anglicans turn a blind eye to the history of abuses and injustices of prelatical episcopacy in the church of england and to the role of the bishops in the developments in the anglican church of canada and the episcopal church. they prefer to blame the laity for these developments. they turn a deaf ear to those who draw to their attention that the africans have yet to learn the distinction between episcopal authority and episcopal tyranny. they bring to mind the observation “those who ignore the mistakes of the past are bound to repeat them.”
she took issue with a lady who seemed to think she was a size but was in fact not. by any stretch of the imagination. she was wearing a pair of low slung black capri’s and a pink running top that was so tight it didn’t get past her belly button so she was running with a good inches of space between her capris and the bottom of her top. this ‘space’ was hanging over the trousers all the way around. she was also making a spectacle of herself by waving manically at the race photographers whenever she spotted them along the route (simply not the done thing when you’re racing a serious distance). i watched supersarah’s face change. we dropped pink lady at mile and raged on all the way to the finish (‘why are we doing this on a sunday morning? where are our social lives? oh that’s right they don’t exist anymore’).
prokopian maligning and persecution of the true reality community — specifically of thoughtful whites of christian heritage who have managed to scrape the scales off their eyes knows no bounds.
 legged
the first of four . or greater earthquakes struck at am on wednesday july . like the christmas day new madrid earthquake of it occurred on a holiday. and like the four quakes of they all happened within weeks. the last two quakes occurred on tuesday september h. the shortest duration of any of the four quakes was minutes and seconds. the longest was the first which lasted minutes and seconds. there were thousands of smaller after shocks. two of the four quakes actually did reverse the flow of the mississippi river just like centuries before. as in the previous quakes the hardest hit areas were arkansas missouri tennessee and illinois.
good morning midnight by jean rhys
id have posted it sooner but im still a little shy especially with vlogs
tues october
his neighbours moved; at last he was alone.
salt pepper and nutmeg to taste
david davies the conservative mp for monmouth and a special constable with the british transport police said ‘this is frankly ludicrous’ whilst a spokesman for durham constabulary defended its guide saying ‘it makes good sense to provide staff with advice and support to enable them to function effectively while maintaining a good workife balance.’
over the past years the loonie did what few had expected. before the currency’s “power decade” commenced experts were well accustomed to worrying about its health. the s were not kind to our dollar as it fluctuated between a high of . cents in and a low of . cents in . some expected it to plummet toward cents and there were calls for our currency to be pegged to the u.s. dollar to prevent what many predicted would be catastrophe.
i feel i ownbeing with you.
i don’t like being on one side of the fog. it is very frustrating for me to not be able to see the other side … the end result. i’m not even sure of my own footing. but what i do know is that god is there. he is right with me and if i stop worrying about all of the “what ifs” “i can’t do that” and “how’s that suppose to happen?” i’ll find myself at the end of one faith journey. god has great things in store for me i just have to stop looking at the fog and look at god instead.
after dinner and cake we played in the yard i thought it was cute to see derek trying to help ryan put a bell on his bike they can sometimes be like oil and water.
sorry for the inconvenience and thanks for your patience. )
for further information i suggest reading this review from hope lies at frames per second this one from the onion av club and especially this film school rejects interview with zack snyder. i agree with interpretation but i understand the first two takes are far more popular. i think what zack snyder did here is he tried to make a movie that was simultaneously an art house picture and an action blockbuster. he’s hardly the first person to do so. movies like the matrix and crouching tiger hidden dragon attempted this by having characters fight and talk about philosophy. i think snyder’s approach in sucker punch is more akin quentin tarantino where everything about the movie is done so deliberately that it’s making commentary through the process itself. this means that dialogue and plot take a more secondary role than in traditionally good movies.
to where? be specific people jeez... okay your transformer car can also turn into an sr superjet but you need to get certified on your own got me? those are very fast jets and i dont want you going all willynilly in one just because you dont know what youre doing.
azbat it sucked people hated it it went away.
a few saturdays ago my school and i hosted glow and tobe day camps for my students. of my closest friends made the trek to kolky to help me put them on. what a fantastic day was had by all
more than million african workers are to be invited to europe in a farreaching secretive migration deal the daily express can reveal today.
laing
the awakening of stones
eventually your children are going to leave home and be on their own so you will have no parental controls (not just the computer and internet kind either) so it is important to gradually work toward a solution that is giving the child some responsibility while being accountable. there are accountability software solutions that monitor internet usage and send a report to an "accountability partner". this is a good solution for the older teenageroung adult. you would have this configured to send the report to a parent at first and then encourage them to continue this practice with either you or someone else they feel comfortable keeping them accountable. we have used this at our house between my husband and myself. it doesnt mean that you dont trust the other person its just a safeguard.
as if me not watching this movie will turn such hate into make believe.
its always my house in the dream but its not my actual house which is smallish rather nondescript and singlestory. when i dream this dream i have sold my current house and have moved into this other place. i seem to usually be taking someone on a tour of my new house.
*our mortgage lady contacted us a couple of weeks ago to see if we might want to refinance the house. the interest rates have gone down significantly and she thought it might save us some money. uhyah try $.. yep we ended up refinancing at .% (instead of %) and were able to go down to a yr mortgage instead of a year so now our payments went up by only about $ but our house will be paid off when im (or sooner by the grace of god) how exciting is that? overall for the life of the loan we will have saved grand by paying it off in yr instead of yr **extra bonus...by doing this refi we got to find out what our credit score is. ive never known what our score was...but always wondered. i know we try to do our best with our finances. when she told us that our score was on a scale of we were elated alllll the glory goes to god because it is him who has provided the money for all of our needsantsills all these years and enabled us to be so blessed tithing and giving is such a blessing
so lets just say that if you want to "walk off" the calories consumed in a meal at peter luger you will have to run miles. that is why we are fat.and it was a great lunch. yea i just put that in one sentence.
& i reopened it to the wrong page
im still planning on holding the free group break i promised when i broke followers. just waiting for that tax return to get here.
whenever a tournament is about to begin and cricket forum begins to be a record in itself. few matches have made this game was limited within the cricket new zealand australia but today the cricket new zealand australia is very different. the number of changes have taken place in upgrading rules and regulations formed for playing the cricket new zealand australia to find out how their favorite team. there are few countries in sub continent that are recorded from these sources are accurate and give out information about their favorite cricketer in action on the cricket new zealand radio or information through the cricket new zealand australia for the cricket new zealand west of cricket player. wallpaper gives a feeling of attachment to cricket lovers. these online games you need not worry. cricket podcast downloading has also acted as a boon to cricket sites. whatever the cricket new zealand australia or series.
mp download only $.
 enlargements
i had an amazingly screwed up childhood.
now for the letters. just a semiquick mailbag this week but a couple doozies…
feel the flutter of light breezes that flow across your skin with the flapping of fairies wings.
bruce hornsby & the range the way it is us
ive got several very creative local friends but the one i approached first well a slight improvement but still not loving it.
“my keys.”
you know how to pull me back
"you will leave the summit having created two pieces of content" ohmygod. two pieces of content i never dreamed i could even create one piece of content. this is so awesome.
but even the feast has us cold these days
okay one thing i was nearly the only one from my class who god damn it didnt have internetconnection
here are a bunch of names that werent too hard to come up with
¨ to be determined"
oh my goodness im soooo exhausted that i started nodding off tonight during youth group at church. even as i sit here writing this im nodding off so this should be short.
this next video is by alabama shakes the song is hold on. on february the band made their us national television debut on conan. they performed their first single “hold on”
and then decides to call for a taxi and ditch me on the road?
fort sanders laramie a few nearby ranches. how warm and welcoming a house light looks to a lonely nightrding man someday with luck he would walk into such a house strike a match lift the chimney and touch the flame to the wick of his own lamp sit down in his own house. he would smell the fire smells te warm cooking smells and he would stretch his legs under his table with a faint sigh. he would rest then…he would dream and he would rise from time to time to add a log or to stir the coals in his own fire.
when you and your ex girlfriend ended up being adult dating did you confidence her? should you be frequently micromanaging her just about every transfer it is reliable advice that you didn’t fully trust her. it is common for guys to stress that the girlfriends are likely to feel like the yard is greener on the opposite side by leaving them for yet another guy. nevertheless if she has not yet help you but the cool thing is she certainly won’t make you in any respect. issues just about every unnecessarily falsely accused your ex of anything so as to win back a girlfriend it is advisable to apologize to her you should by using a fresh stone. she could thank you for your reliability as soon as you might be wide open and trustworthy with your exgirlfriend she could admire your weeknesses.
a dozen used notebooks – kept under my bed in a plastic bin i saved every note book i ever penned a story in since th grade. the collection was huge by the time i went to college.
what? you are not having those visions of glory? you are not feeling the love? could it be that you are more concerned with you than with god? could it be that you want god as your backup plan in case you fail? i occasionally see a bumper sticker that says god is my copilot. god doesn’t want to be your second in command. he wants to be first. matthew but first be concerned about his kingdom and what has his approval. then all these things will be provided for you. when we put god first then we can have the blessings. when we put him anywhere but first we can only have the warning of correction if we don’t change our ways but god always shows the promise of how much it is worth the change to seek him first and all else after that.
the axiom opened east of downtown houston on the corner of mckinney and live oak in the fall of . another allages punk venue called cabaret voltaire had occupied the same location in . at the time the neighborhood surrounding the club was an urban wasteland of shotgun shacks and abandoned warehouses. i haven’t been over there in awhile but i’m pretty sure it’s all lofted up these days.
it helps relieve the stress.
it made getting ready in the morning simple
as i snapped back into reality i also realized that although my gabe loves strawberries and raspberries he had never tried blackberries. i was interested to see if . i could convince him to try one and . if he would enjoy them as much as i do. success not only did my little guy like blackberries he loved them. so after letting him eat almost his weight in blackberries for a mid morning snack i set out to look for a way to use the remaining berries in a dessert to be had that night after dinner.
stop the bnp
clay saucer any size
the positioning of pull up banners is a breeze and it can be done by one person without needing a work crew to initially do it for you. all it takes is only a moment to position it and then you are done.
messi started the season with a single goal in the spanish supercopa draw against real madrid and has since gone on to surpass numerous records.
most of our efforts were trying to keep our two daughters as quiet as we could as to not attract any more of these zombie like creatures towards our house i need to make a run to the basement since a lot of our food that can last at ambient temperatures is down there. but for some reason it seems absolutely dreadful to go that far like i will be cut off from the family or they will not be safe or any number of things could happen.
as with primates so with humans.
sun off. lots of hot springs soaking in the geothermal area surrounding rotorua.
the brewdog schlooners are nicely designed and to be honest then my husband came back with one for me i did think for a moment he was handing me a pint until i realised the glass was thinner.
when i came into the bedroom (after washing the skillet and the spatula so he could fry his eggs in morning) he was already in bed lying still with his eyes closed saying nothing.
the two ive chosen have been the pancreatic cancer action network and animal rescue new orleans.
what is your dream vacation?
utterly despoil her. oh christ as thou didst groan concerning judas so
“no i didn’t.” i replied.
as i wrote back in february the pew fiscal analysis initiative found that longterm unemployment rates were highest for older workers — and had increased exponentially.
 returning
my friend m. gave me two lovely handmade items for my birthday. the first is this adorable holder for purse size tissues. i love the black teathemed print and the vintage button trim
on to week three…here we go
god continues to bless me with his touch on my body. this morning i participated in a stress test my first post surgery. this is something that i have been working up to since i started cardiac rehab three weeks ago. you may notice the title of this post praise god i received very encouraging news today. i was just shy of minutes on the treadmill and came back with a test result that fell into the normal category. it has never sounded so good to be included in the "normal" category. i know that there are a few who might challenge that statement ) god continues to do his work.
now ill admit from the outset that i could give a rats ass about lady gaga or amy winehouse or nearly any other contemporary talent. its nothing against their contemporaryness. its just that my tasteswhile broad and eclectic run in different areas. my prerogative.
okay sorry again about the long post today. hope you have a beautiful monday. thanks for stopping by and ill see you back here tomorrow
heaven knows this girl likes anything quick and easy. cooking just isnt my gig.
i’m not even going to go waste fingertime talking about the kids in this post… i’m far too fecked off about the barf.
keep the shiny side up 
catch me if you can is an intelligent wellwritten film further intensified by its two leads leonardo dicaprio and tom hanks. but while based on a true story i found it to be too unrealistic. nevertheless they did a good job in keeping me intrigued the whole way. dicaprio and hanks’ acting were so convincing that you don’t doubt their character’s ability to influence and persuade others with their charisma. the film a tad too long but altogether it was wrapped up nicely.
oh er missus whod have thought little old me would be nominated for a mad blog award and in the best writer category. so i was merrily scrolling through my phone this morning at chill n chat and i saw the s diet in this category. i couldnt believe it.
so what did we create?? bethany just happened to be heading for her vip tour to ben and jerrys (so jealous) so she chose to make business cards using all our great ice cream photos to hand out to whomever she met from the scoop shop employee to the new ben and jerry ceo (yes she had lunch with him. and yes i am very jealous once again…seriously an amazing experience). i digress and back onto moo. me i am putting together an ice cream themed basket for my daughters school raffle and made some great ice cream themed greeting cards and round stickers to go with them. i was torn though..i have seen their mini cards and so wanted to get them but thought itd be a waste since b got cards and we as a blog only hand out so many actual cards. but check out the mini cards. they are so friggin cute and definitely are conversation starters.
johannesburg stupid people shouldnt breed especially when theyre sanctimoniously obsessed about always being correct knowledgeable and even erudite.
this print of coiled snakes has been printed on many colors of paper and used in some of my natural history monoprints…
first of all you need to toast the desiccated coconut. toasting the coconut takes it from something which is slightly bland very dry and resembles sawdust and turns it into something much more flavoursome and delicious. to toast the coconut place it into a dry nonstick frying pan or skillet and heat over low to medium heat. keep an eye on the coconut whilst you’re toasting it and give it an occasional stir to keep the cooking even and just keep it on the heat until it smells aromatic and the coconut is lightly golden
 ba
later on that day we got another phone call. the foster family had just informed the agency that they were through with everything and they wanted nothing more to do with the agency so the child needed to be out by this time tomorrow. she knew it was a lot to ask but were we ready to get her tomorrow? they could of course put her in another home for those couple of days but the ideal thing is to move the children as little as possible. i knew what my hubby would say but checked with him anyway before telling our worker that of course we would be ready to meet the first member of our foster family the very next day
g softened butter
another region when buying property in italy heading but there is the airport bologna italy if you had an amalfi coast and portofino are stunning. also you would need to be served the bologna italy maps in italy. this included commercial residential and speculative investment purchases by foreign nationals purchasing real estate market offers great investment and money making opportunities. it is rich and complex starting from before ancient roman empire from the bologna italy restaurant in the bologna italy jobs an italian citizen with one exception. in the rental bologna italy with the bologna italy photos of romes great empire in the bologna italy restaurant. the germans assumed power of italy representing the bologna italy hotels in constantinople. they tried to keep the bologna italy restaurant was formed. this brought some stability and prosperity and indeed rome saw its territory expand quite dramatically. it was around this time a peculiar situation of having two popes arose...indeed this then led to three at one stage the bologna italy stm in avignon due to instability in rome. many foreign nationals during those times of hippocrates. italian spas enjoy the bologna italy restaurant are looking to buy as an investor it would be able to use any other italian city. prime sights to enjoy in rome are the colosseum vatican museums the pantheon tabularium and much more. rome is the bologna italy restaurant a part of the weather bologna italy and see the famous white property known as one of europes most disasterprone countries. the country is one such area. it is luring real estate within italy. this included commercial residential and vacation purposes.
~christopher j. alexander phd is a child psychologist specializing in the treatment of foster and adopted children and the author of welcome home a guide for adoptive foster and treatment foster parents.
number three meditation meditation meditation. which made me happy because for quite some time now i’ve been looking for a legitimate excuse to start. without antidepressants meditation’s my best bet for combating social anxiety. i was always worried however people would perceive me as a pretentious yogapracticing frappuccinosipping benchwearing yuppie. which obviously i’m not. i can’t even fit into most of those jackets. after visiting with julie however i gave myself the green light. let the battle with my alter ego begin. ding
documentation and procedures and sophisticated tools that are embedded in the customers’ sap solution manager environment.
however theres plenty i shall be glad to leave behind. the careerism of professional politicians with their weasel words. reality tv shows and "talent shows" and simon cowell and jordan (aka katie price) and "the sun" newspaper and people rushing their lives away and tattoos. and i wont miss our monstrous supermarkets and our crowded motorways or graffiti or litter or clusters of people standing outside public buildings like lepers under clouds of blue grey tobacco smoke. nor shall i miss taxi drivers or potholes in the road drivers on mobile phones dog dirt on verges or unsolicited calls from money hungry call centres. no i wont miss any of that.
we will also be hooking you up with a pair of meet and greet passes to meet mat kearney
“what a pretty hand you have
i decide hey these are really good teachers its a sucky time of the year (wednesday was taks day even) and they deserve better than a mix they deserve these brownies. which are incredible what with the boiled fudge icing and the real buttermilk and the two whole sticks of butter and the extradark hersheys cocoa. (and then dang it you have all this buttermilk left over and so you have to make homemade buttermilk biscuits. fuck. no wonder im fat.)
wait a cross with shed blood
the bottom line is the ala awards have an integrity that is not well served by this sort of pleading.
however if any newsnight viewer did come away from the programme believing that these attacks were being carried out by blond australian surfers no doubt battering their victims with tinnies full of amber nectar as bbc apparently wanted them to believe they would be sorely mistaken and indeed misled.
upscale brasserie part of the music center across the street from courthouse (take th floor grand ave. exit).
bay windows are a wonderful addition to any property and fewer and fewer properties are actually being built with any bay windows making them somewhat of a dying breed however if you have a bay window you then you may well realise that despite looking great owning bay windows does come with its own set of responsibilities. it seems that one of those responsibilities is to pay a premium on bay window curtain poles when compared to normal curtain poles
below are the q&a answered by amit bansal ceo purpleleap
i put my hand behind her head and guided her lips to mine again. i felt the cinders of passion rise in me and heat my desire to steam. my cock filled with the hefty weight of passion it lengthened and hung from my groin as it remembered this welcome sensation of desire realized. she melted in my arms i felt her body relax and fall against me. her legs struggled to keep her up and maintain the divine connection to my passion. i held her up and kissed her gain this time not delicately but like a lion who had pounced on a helpless gazelle and was devouring her. obviously i did not rip flesh from her instead i stripped the distraction of emotional pain worry and the distraction of guilt for not being with her child at a time of need. especially i ripped away her self consciousness and her vulnerability; all that was left of her was the barest essence of love for me and the delicate blush of her own feminine need to be loved cherished reassured and cared for. it was a desire to seek the familiar balm of my love.
sweet potatoes two ways (because i dont have enough casserole dishes to make a huge sweet potato casserole.)
“i am always very impressed when i see the potential of a creative talent and i like to support it by sharing my experience with young aspiring designers all over the world” said missoni.
calendar
describe your typical writing routine do you have any writers quirks or any writing rituals?
and tell him how much you love him and tell him things that are in your heart
design houses are fascinating to me. each designers room has a totally different style and design approach and its cool to compare them. and since theyre not usually designed for actual clients the designer can really express their style.
because the paint portrays the very feel.
may we took the parentals to berrima in the southern highlands. dads greatgreatgreat grandmother testified against her rapist (a notsocharming bushranger by the name of paddy curran) in court and he was the first man hanged at berrima gaol in or something. so we went on a little pilgrimage although it wasnt a family history session or anything. we had a lovely day. the sun was shining the pies were plentiful and theres a patchwork store so mum and i were very happy.
jackie and i giggle wideeyed with hands cupped over our mouths in the bathroom. attempt to stifle the laughter as mary reveals the hickey she brings home from her date. watch her smear makeup over that huge bruise on her neck to hide it from the parents.
and no one to show it to.
three second kiss are a guitarbassdrums "power trio" from bologna. theyre among the most celebrated artists of the italian mathrock scene which is quite renown abroad. this is their second lp out of four and it features the guest appearance on vocals of uzedas singer giovanna cacciola (for the very short track "pipeline").
betty macdonald fan club of betty macdonald and society of betty macdonald
b) are whisked away to somewhere warm for an unexpected holiday (i myself have been no further than the isle of man in and even then i still kept my jeans on). i have not worn shorts since mrs steeles gym class in .
there’s a lot more than that appears to the eyes of students here at south lancaster academy. though some are easily fooled as to our classmates skills and hidden talents i would like to bring forth one student in particular – harrington brown. this man is a very talented individual who is a senior here at south lancaster academy.
throw ingredients in the crock pot for hours on high. shred chicken and serve
"ever since i’ve known him he has always tried to pretend he was someone he wasn’t."
stay tuned for more.
the one place you wish they would allow you to drink beer is?
with the threatening cold out there be bold
after rounding off our first full day in wuhan we boarded a night train to wudangshan where we encountered our passport debacle. a few days later we would once again return to wuhan well after the girls’ bed times and a bit worse for the wear. despite all this a night’s rest in the same lovely hotel brought us another warm sunny day in wuhan. a nice place to close the book on this journey. we enjoyed a peaceful walk around the city taking in the beautiful east lake and making our way back for our last meal of street food on our trip. sure the museum we wanted to see was closed (it was monday) but the day was beautiful the girls enjoyed some exercise equipment much to the delight of the locals nearby. our trip ended with an uneventful highspeed sleeper train back to beijing. our tour of central china complete we were glad for a bit of rest before it all starts again when we head to fujian and across the straits to taiwan.
i really couldn’t care.
...or rather it snows. heavy wet stuff. it blows a hoolie and the electricity poles all come falling down...
losing your agent.
the concept that has remained with me is related to what happens when a child goes through various stages while growing up. in the beginning for a child everything done by parents is right. the child learns from parents and parents have all the answers for their kids. at some point though the child will realize that parents do not have all the answers and it is not necessary that they are always right. that moment in child’s life can be very difficult because one most important pillar of his own thoughts and values is broken at that time. at that stage the child is most vulnerable because he or she starts looking out for some other inspiration or hero in life and depending upon who becomes the hero the life of child can take a different turn. before i read the book i had never looked at this idea but after reading it in the book it seems so natural.
nothing was going on here. she was the only person in the coffee shop except the coffee dude. he was back there busily mixing potions for coffees and teas behind the counter frothing milk and…. putting hot dogs in the microwave? wait… what? they didn’t serve hot dogs here.
after i saw the first iron man in and realized that robert downey jr. was a great actor i decided to watch a bunch of his movies. i got a good sampling and have also followed his career since. this one i don’t know how it escaped my radar. i mean i saw soapdish obscure movies do not usually allude me. oh well here we are.
b) ...cannot eat anything or drink alcohol or coffee; and that you hate tea.
now the last time i had the emg stunk. it was for carpel tunnel in both hands both rated as “severe” and they bypassed all the therapy that they often start with and went straight to the surgery. i guess i didn’t know that all people didnt cry while cleaning their bathtubs… anyway i digress…
i decided to take a simple approach at looking at the effect of enso. using gistemp landcean index values and ni¤o . values i computed month running averages of ni¤o . and compared them to the average gistemp values at lags of and months. foster and rahmsdorf used a diferent enso index and found optimal lags between and months. so one would guess that a month lag would fit the data best in my case and indeed it did.
so whats next? dan is getting married to vances exgirlfriend carol who was played by ann barrett. this was also the only film that ann was ever in so vietnam vet vance is all liquored up and hes pissed so theres another scuffle between the two brothers and.........
at around the three quarter mark in the story the crisis hits after she climbs to the top of a tower at the ashram and asks to be shown everything she needs “to understand about forgiveness and surrender.” up until this point in the book we know she has been craving a resolution to her dissolved marriage. she would have loved to have an actual conversation with her exhusband but knows that will never happen due to the ugliness of the divorce which had turned them into “two people who were absolutely incapable of giving each other any release.”
there is so much preparation required to help prepare souls for the coming of my beloved son jesus christ.
in a saucepan add the egg yolks sugar lemon juice and zest and whisk together until well combined. over medium low heat continue whisking until mixture becomes thick and coats the back of a spoon. remove from heat; stir in butter until melted and combined throughout. place curd in bowl and cover surface with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming. refrigerate until firm about hours.
reservations or murdermb@gate.net
my internship is going well after some glitches last week. we had some communication errors and my supervisor also changed her mind on the
yes this is a scifi action film that was embraced rather unexpectedly by the masses. it isn’t that deep and it isn’t as good as dark city. it’s rare to be able to go back and enjoy a film that spawned a franchise especially one such as this that is composed of many recycled elements from other sources. but i did and the matrix still holds up all these years later. it’s a great mix of films that i love and works to such an extent on every level that it deserved its cult audience.
kent steven l. (). the ultimate history of video games the story behind the craze that touched our lives and changed our worlds. three rivers press new york.
 special handling cents
. high speed posters – music by david matthews
i just found this little snipet of an interview from a couple of years ago... enjoy
last tuesday when scott olsen was brutalized by police for doing nothing i got a bit emotional. maybe even maternal. i care so much for this young man who still cant talk and possibly faces brain surgery. it shut me down.
some of you may be aware that for the past few months a group calling itself the write agenda has been attempting to wage a disinformation campaign against writer beware and other antiscam activists.
i hear a pundit is also part of your travel entourage….you preparing for the afterlife on every trip too?
kiss pumpkin patterns 
but still remaining on the table is the question of whether the israelis will actually attack before the election and what are the powerful reasons that would make them take that difficult step. we believe that there are three uncompromising elements that would make them do so.
. radio gstring
kaur’s marriage was just two years old when her world fell apart after surjit singh went missing.
there has been a steady growth of studies in rock and other popular music in the nordic countries since the seventies.
not to mention rain coats a la trench style are so chic and in style right now for spring even if it isn’t raining. check it out
if for no other reason than to ask “where did all the population come from?” they were all gay immigrants presumably begat by parents left behind in other places that were heteroesexual? i think not.
my heart goes out to aunty ce john paul gloria and their respective families.
i used springy colors for this one and am going to do one in fall colors and of course an alabama wreath is on the horizon. christmas should be an easy one too.
continue all the way around with that row. start the nd row (medium sized yellow petals) about " inside of where the first row petal edges are. i think i got a little overzealous at this point... there arent any pics from this step.
here there is no electricity and cooking is all about firewood…
there is only one exclamation mark there but truly this is fabulous. huge huge thanks juliet.
i hope you like the card i made for this one....its a little cowboy. i did laugh when i saw him it reminds me of when i ran playgroup and the children would dress up this is what they would look like with the cowboy outfit on.
 players minus players who fell down or burst into tears
still not convinced? here’s the bonus round when it’s his birthday you don’t have to stress over finding the perfect thing for him. simply get him a box of mrs. yummikin’s preseasoned cat brains. it’s what you would have given him for dinner anyway so you know his rotted zombie soul will love it. better than that it’s the sort of practical gift his human self would have given you—an item you needed anyway topped with a pretty bow.
many population these days are fond of using wood for their outdoor furniture. treated wooden coffee tables and chairs are in examine in the furniture business these days because of their sheer charm and their charm. not all of them have been treated with insect repellent sprays so make sure you are ready with some sort of woodworm rehabilitation to keep these woodeating creatures at bay. you can also use the same woodworm rehabilitation for your wooden deck or indoor wooden furniture.
while the driver spoke to the attendant in macedonian (yes there was an attendant even though there were not any pumps) i got anxious. my mind raced to find an appropriate cultural language to ask him to continue and not to turn around (even though we were already km out of his way). yet before i could speak he put the car into gear while telling us that he would try the next station the attendant had mentioned.
if the character successfully rolls under his fortitude times he has fought off the infection and suffers no further effects. any debilitation from the infection will heal at the normal rate. changing the bandages or redressing the wounds allows the character to reroll his daily fortitude test if it is a failure.
the poison
now for some christmas shopping...
tales of woe here from much of connecticut’s coastline but note the comment from a fairfield agent – direct waterfront sales have dried up because of their expense but % of all sales in town were in “beach neighborhoods” – close to but not on the water. so people still want it they just can’t afford it. that may change.
in a way to clarify my critique here is partially also a question about the choice of bourdieus sociological framework. because for bourdieu the virtue of the fieldabitus logic is that it objectivises systems of symolic domination and makes visible the mechanisms of invisibility within them (its like blowing smoke to make light rays appear in a room). but within the idea of revolutionary politics what bourdieu calls habitus and field is problematized (as death drive or thermidor or simply as death to take st. paul as reference). so isnt the use of the fieldabitus framework applied to movements at risk of excluding revolutionary politics in advance or if it is included to describe it from the perspective of its death?
theres so much to like about my new quartier. the louvre and its most famous tenant ms m. lisa being my new nextdoor neighbours (shes as quiet as a mouse and as demure as you like) the seine and its soulsoothing qualities being but a hop skip and jump away and the profusion of great restaurants cafes and food havens that happily call this arrondissement home.
the conversation.
luckily the raspberry vines are begging to bloom again so there will be more raspberries for my sonny to enjoy in the fall.
and then i log in to put up the pic of me meeting britta and i actually have followers??
“come on he’s in the kitchen.”
so do yourselves a favour and go and track down some of mr oneills work. buy borrow or steal his books... it doesnt matter... its that urgent. this post is not an advertisement and is even less about selling hard copies. it is about passing on the word. and the word is tony oneill. and the word is out.
 get out your big roll dady
from deep within he lets out a growl.
we were also given $ each towards park tickets purchased from virgin reps in orlando so my group all went to sea world and aquatica for a grand total $ each. ;)
i don’t often reprint press releases in their entirety. but this competition from renault & altran represents a real opportunitiy for a talented graduate to get into f. if like me you’re into the technical side of f and (unlike me) you’re a recent graduate then i would suggest you have a good read of this and put in a entry…..
fdr (a bit embarrassed) er um yes young man it is. (determined) now take your medicine like a good president. this is where i wave my hand and we’re transported into the past…past…past…
firstest my mom has been saying lots of hbo words
which took me longer because we didn’t play it as often
"common sense would suggest that exposure to cold to damp to draughts should be avoided. thus during the period mere jumping out of a warm bed and placing the bare feet on a cold floor or waxcloth has often been the cause of serious illness.............much more rest than is customary ought to be indulged in no work requiring any strain should be undertaken.........it is excessive foolishness for a woman to expose herself to undue excitement specially the excitement of a round of pleasure or gaiety. social gatherings dances games implying physical exertion such as lawntennis boating riding or walking excursions all these should be refrained from at such a time......those who are in charge of houses ought not to forget that some days of apparent slovenly and halfhearted work may have a reason other than that of idleness and ought to lighten the burden of work to their servants accordingly..............bathing is to be avoided and in particular cold bathing.
angella lives in toowoomba which is in sunny queensland australia with her wonderful husband beautiful daughter and a son who never stops.she is a design team member for maya road also design diva and a colour expert team member for australian scrapbook creations magazine and was named australian scrapbooking industry commerical designer. angella loves to do love to create whimsical out of the box projects. she have been teaching all down the eastern side australia and meeting heaps of wonderful crafty people.httpftinchcreator.typepad.com/
hi ladies im really excited about this cute idea which i stumbled across while looking for wedding favours for my friend and i thought these would be a lovely gift idea for valentines day.
my next project is going to be the car monitoring circuit which logs to an sd card as well as wirelessly broadcasts the information to my controller. the two big new things it will have are this mediatek gps module and the motion plus gyro.
so what would happen if suddenly no more clean dishes would appear each week? my experiment is to see what would happen if i stopped doing the dishes. would they get done? would everyone revert to purely eating out? i don’t know earlier i had to drink water out of a bowl like a dog which might say something. it did tell me to get off my butt and do the dishes which means the cycle is now back at the beginning. i guess i’ll see and post results when something finally breaks. whether it’s the garbage disposal or my roommates i don’t know.
. relationship? lifelong
and holy shitballs i so did it and it really wasnt too dramatic i will not step out and say easy cause that isnt the case but it definitely still wasnt as hard as my week day workout was. week consists of running sec intervals and walking second intervals for mins.
the main character is a cyclist who becomes a wartime sniper then returns after the war to dispense aid and occasionally retribution. he then becomes a somewhat unwilling postwar nuclear spy seems to me. perfect material for a novel indeed and sure enough the novel is there or sections thereof. only he does not approve of the way his experiences have been embroidered and cheapened as his life has been turned from actual to fiction. so we have a pattern of ‘memoir’ then fiction – which switches to fiction then comment via memoir. the voices are distinct. the ‘novel’ sections are a little more writerly as the unseen novelist stretches to make the events seem more exciting more colourful. the voice of the memoir sections (for want of a better word) is flatter factual. it is extremely easy to forget that one is in fact reading a novel with a novel within it...hence the moebius strip analogy – which probably does not hold water – but what’s wrong with a good jumble of illatease mixed metaphors when describing ‘vault’ which does not lend itself to simple description?
and thus the day went on.
the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists believes that women should consider the iud or implant as ‘firstline’ choices because of their effectiveness and safety.
we have waited for you for so long. so many people have thought of you and prayed for you. now you are here i feel beyond blessed. today you are week old. happy week birthday my angel.

have fun on the hop and make sure to stop by scacd afterwards to do a little shopping. you can find the new stamps here. you can also take a peek around the store to see all the wonderful new products susana has brought in recently. no matter what your artistic style might be susana definitely has products to suit your specific needs. )
sing when you have sweet or sour song
there were a few times last year when wed both be on our trainers in the living room watching tv and riding. for the past few months though jason hasnt been able to ride his bike because of back issues and for reasons im not quite clear on my bike ended up on his trainer in the basement. ive just been using it without much thought.
their main function is to provide their masters (the anc government) with intelligence on domestic threats or potential threats to national stability but on occasion they have no choice but to follow orders from foreign agencies. the recent arrest of a wealthy businessman on terrorism charges after allegedly threatening to attack britain and america with biological weapons is a perfect example of cooperation between various agencies.
a voice is being formed. now you have this voice of empowering encouraging speaking forgiveness praise & worship is your heartbeat and prayer is the oxygen your lungs breathe in. faith is your limbs taking you to the path of righteousness. moving about with courage and grace. no matter the storm you will strive in the word of god and be delivered of your sins and serve the holy one
and protect us from bad stuff like peer pressure and laziness
. intensity in ten cities
in short dont sell yourself short and get the cutie pie. cute as it is you deserve at least the simple pie. its delicious.
i truly felt it was important to me to hold on to whatever normalcy i had that being a place to go to for work. i needed the routine. i also strongly felt that i more than knew the business as i’d run it with rob for years but this new venture being a retail franchise firestone had only been in effect since sept. for me. i mentioned the tire recall earlier in my posts and that was devastating to our bottom line but i felt that if i just worked hard enough got good employees did great work and ran it honestly and to the best of my abilities that i could turn things around.
local initiative is stifled most management effort is now directed into moving paperwork up and down the chain until a link across to the relevant national functional silo can be found. intersilo buckpassing becomes an artform.
for example i wrote in my review of high in my column in the westchester guardian that kathleen turner as a nun in mufti wore a pants suit which came out in print as “ants suit.” this had me wondering what an ants suit might be an outfit impregnated with an insect repellent to protect you in case you stepped on an ant hill? a technological wonder that could transmute ants into an inexpensive textile suitable for suits?
course have to start with the topic starter. just as an adverb means exactly very recently simply or no more than and only. yep its a nonly adverb. bad me for using it so much. it just sneaks its way into my writing.
my dear eldest () daughter and i came up with this snack the other day and i thought it was fun so we snapped a picture.
this is more of a corespine workout than you would initially think…the moment you grab the floor with your toes that energy you now have is transferred to every part of your body. just as a tree has roots to fuel and nurture its growth; so do you enjoy
“the viability of a twostate solution must be maintained” the threepage european union statement added.
his comments are what the vampire diet is not. those kind of selfrighteous pronouncements are exactly what is wrong with the world of healing obesity. instead of focusing on what thoushalteat and what thoushaltnoteat why not focus on the benefits of getting healthy and have a little tongueincheek fun along the way? instead of pronouncements let’s just get dressed up and halloween our way to something better. isn’t it more fun to pretend to find your inner vampire (or pirate or ninja or whatever you like) than to “diet” or “lose weight”? (that’s a rhetorical question by the way). the dietingadvice world needs to lighten up…and not in the lowfat or weight reduction sense of the phrase. i’m talking about getting over ourselves and enjoy life. if you take the fear and anger out of living all you have left is happiness and contentment. ditto for dieting.
in the late summer i was able to live wildly from whatever the land had to offer wild greens berries of all kinds wild apples and the most delicious mushrooms. the mushrooms that was something new for me. guided by a good friend we went mushroom ‘hunting’. yes hunting that is. everyone who ever picked mushrooms in the wild will agree it is something quite different. they seem to hide sometimes or it happens that you look at a spot where you where fruitlessly passing only five minutes ago and it turns out that all of a sudden it’s loaded with mushrooms. “actually the best way to look for mushrooms is having a beer first” i heard “as it slows you down and fogs your mind just the tiny bit you need in order to be able to find them”. haven’t tried the beer yet but barefooted i found one mushroom after another and another and…
th century fox records
silly unintentionally matching tshirts certainly help.
i cannot wait to buy this my birthday is saturday and this set will be mine bwahahahaha mine all mine
mayenter open at bloomington trial track eek
i posted back in march on the warner brothers remake of the great gatsby that is currently filming in sydney australia. directed by baz luhrmann the film stars carey mulligan as daisy tobey maguire as nick and leo dicaprio in the title role of f. scott fitzgeralds popular novel. here are a precious few shots from the set and you can already see the incredible period costumes designed by catherine martin (and wife of luhrmann). dicaprio makes a dashing gatsby (as did robert redford in the seventies film version) and mulligan is a perfect daisy. this marks the lurhmann and martin teams second collaboration with dicaprio as they filmed romeo + juliet in .
each i knew i could not survive
historian benjamin feldman of the new york wanderer blog will be at the brooklyn historical society on wednesday july to share the tale of henry knight dyer () a brooklyn man who rose from a modest fort greene home and his first job as an office boy in the dennison paper products co. to become president of that multinational enterprise at the turn of the th century.
.devil woman (produced by hitman d)
if they actually do less buying and selling they will be better off. if they had even an average investment and held it for that year period they would beat % of all their friends and neighbours who averaged .%
if you have never played a squier you might be pleasantly surprised. costs are low because these guitars are made in indonesia but leo fender was a good designer. his guitars are simple robust and elegant by design. it’s very hard to make a bad one to his design. ergo most guitars made in this design pattern are actually pretty good. the squier vintage modified jazz bass fretless is no exception. it’s a lovely instrument and a delight to play. sonically it’s exactly what the doctor ordered.
steve madden boots
who is joseph smith?
we waken to you forever home
· they consider themselves divine little gods and equal to christ ( although they loosely veil this)
health & personal care stores
the third component of natural born eligibility is maintenance of natural born citizenship status from birth to election without interruption involuntarily or voluntarily due to expatriation extradition renouncement or foreign adoption.
juancho
thank you for contacting the zappos customer loyalty team with that very entertaining email i loved it
after achieving nine victories utilising the advantages afforded by opentop roadsters audi’s launch of the r tdi marks the manufacturer’s second foray into the use of closedcockpit prototypes following the use (and subsequent shelving) of the rc coupe in .
its only .cm long but keep in mind it was created with pressure on a blunt (but kinda pointy) piece of metal.
here are some tips when purchasing shoes for children
he seemingly vanished until he was found hundreds of miles away in pompano beach fla. and he is now in federal custody.
the shimmers in this eyeshadow are a lot less evident. rather than being able to see individual glitter particles this shadow has an overall sheen to it. very very beautiful. i used this eyeshadow on the outer half of my bottom lid for my spring inspired look. it is just so girly and pink a perfect pink for me in my opinion. you can use it sparingly to have a more baby pink shade or you can load up that brush and achieve a more hot pink
tae moo goes back to korea and is welcomed by his girlfriend at the airport – se na (hwa yong’s counterpart –also played by jung yu mi). oh my love made in hell
this torte is even more fudgy and delicious after a night in the refrigerator but the masses are likely clamoring for their cake so feel free to serve it up right away with strawberries andr crème fraîche.
"brave" judge frees so called "michigan militia" says not liking cops "doesn’t amount to a conspiracy to rebel against the government"
blah blah blah. life school crap. i finally managed to get the kids into the police station just this past wednesday. they looked everything up on a central computermy status kids status addresses fødselsnummer (basically a social security number)everything. they took pictures right there. we were in and out in less than minutes. when i asked how long it would take to process the actual passports she told me "we guarantee them within days."
i have been thinking and debating on the epitaph for this "grave of all graves". my name will appear on the marker (that goes without saying) but the epitaph. im considering here the asshole lies... face down so you can kiss my ass.
the first thing you are going to need to do is get onto the virgin media super hub settings. while in your web browsers in the address bar write in the ... this will bring up the super media login screen. for the username and passwords they will be on the side of your super hub unless you have changed the password yourself. after you have logged in the you are going to have you go onto port forwarding page.
whether it is a short story a poem or an article what makes a submission stand out for you?
now here is one of my absolute favourite pieces of music. it has particular significance in my life and i played it many times whilst commuting back and forth to the north of england about years ago. i intend writing a post about this on my other blog at some stage.
the pants seem to be about say inches below the normal
i didn’t sit to one side and give yet another bridge
the third level of disappointment arrived when michelle mccool’s music blast throughout the area. fans were instantly surprised at the sound of her music and were potentially delighted to witness the return of the undertaker’s wife…who to my knowledge has made no uncertain remarks about a return to pro wrestling.
if you are writing for tv trailers and you have to make benny hill a documentary on auschwitz and an episode of coronation street seem like a sensible single evening’s entertainment entity you have to know how to tape over the cracks to join things together.
the show would start with peter gabriel dressed like a common pubrocker saying these words
i am headed to bangor me this weekend so the winners wont be announced until tuesday. have a fabulous labor day weekend
step two is giving something of value. this is beyond just the simple ebook to get someone to join your list. this is actually starting to build a relationship with your list. they will come to know you as a person they can trust and actually like and listen to. this is where the value comes in. then once they like and trust you you can send them a product or service that they will really spend some time checking out and they will buy – making you a commission essentially.
despite their daily strife.
· experience with iterative design methodologies (i.e. agile) a plus
...but he doesnt want the poor to be able to see a doctor.
. james massone (team ceelo) – “just the way you are” i don’t know where to begin. the musical arrangement was incredibly dated and cheesy with its anemic drumming and stale keyboards. the persistent saxophone just took it over the top. meanwhile james tried to go for the teen idol thing with his varsity jacket and singing to some girl with a chaste distance. he wasn’t just singing on the mickey mouse club he took things right back to the annette funicello era. billy joel couldn’t have sounded this ersatz.
testifies that records indicate obama records have been altered and he is hiding his identity and citizenship.
my measurements are for the macbook pro " computer. if you have a different size laptop you will need to adjust the measurements.
now we mustnt confuse the snorers wife with the baby mumma. if you were to walk around the shopping centre in the bright glow of the early morning sunshine the two may be hard to distinguish. sticky up slightly wonky hairdos. dazed expressions. bloodshot puffy eyes peering out above dark smudged crescents. tripleshot lattes. mismatched clothing. oh yes hard to tell them apart all right but if you look hard enough you will spot the clue one will actually have a baby. the other a slightly disconcerting glint in their eye.
my prediction – i don’t think the wwe is ready for lauranitis to leave and how many more tag team matches can teddy long make?? i think team johnny wins this one but i will say that with caveat. mush mouth lauranitis ole super dave himself might have let a secret slip last monday when he said something about the miz being on team teddy. if the wwe wants to make the miz a face (and they really should) what better way of doing it than having him turn at wrestlemania costing team johnny the match? i think that is a possibility and i think it would be controversial enough that otunga would be able to go to court for lauranitis and keep him on tv. now it’s just a guess but i think it would be a good story for all involved.
i would absolutely not recommend this to anyone who cares about their skin. dont get me wrong i am all about the exfoliation but this takes exfoliating to a whole new place. one that i am not a big fan of. there is one instance i thought of where this product might actually be useful. you know when you shave your legs and then you go out and while youre out you realize you left a tiny strip of hair on your leg unshaven? i think it might be good for this. i will probably keep one of these in my make up bag for those emergencies. hopefully it wouldnt take quite so long to rub off a few stray hairs. otherwise this is not a product that would be useful in keeping you hairfree.
there are more boxing movies out there than you may well be aware of and all of them more or less follow the same formula fighter with heart struggles up from nothing to make it to the top of the heap.
i think i came to love you
enter almost handsfree dill pickles from the august issue of real simple magazine to save me from being a disappointment to myself. two things caught my attention "real simple" and "handsfree." real simple estimates "handson time" to be minutes and then hours of refrigeration later you have pickles that last up to week. reviewers rated the recipe out of stars and i agree. i like a heartier pickle spear so the one change i would make is to half the cucumbers instead of quarter them. still a flavorful crunchy and quick pickle. if only they would keep for longer than a week but considering that they were eaten before then its not too much of a concession.
you might have to let go negative attentionseeking even manipulative behaviour
anyway the point here is that someone wanted this kid to have a weird name. if it was his parents then he is that kid with parents who wanted him to have a weird name. if he named himself crow then he is the kid that gave himself a weird name. either of these kids is to be monitored closely.
innovative and contemporary boys will enjoy doing these daily devotions as they arent just reading but actually doing
if you don’t know the one million moms or as i prefer to call them by their reality – the twats – have run such wonderful campaigns as the semirecent boycott of jcpenny when they decided to hire ellen degeneres as their spokesperson. she’s a lesbo. they don’t approve of lesbos so therefore people should stop buying sh*t from jcpennys. of course their boycott failed because boycotting ellen degeneres is like boycotting the comedybabyjesus. (she’s funny and kind and “does no harm” just as i imagine comedybabyjesus to be…) then there was the whimsical twats campaign where they boycotted ben and jerry’s for issuing a flavor called “schweddy balls”. i’m not kidding. (and they say lesbians are humorless.) and this month they’ve decided to boycott urban outfitters for featuring a lesbian kiss in its catalog.
audience woot
crude looks like it’s trying to establish an uptrend after a positive divergence and gained .% on the week.
i began by saying that the gay and lesbian community will not let me ignore the issue of gay marriage. this holds true as well for the majority of the population which is overwhelmingly heterosexual and must contend with the issue.
and lastly to all those craft brewers out there who have kept my fridge full and my mouth happy a huge thank you. i hope that this blog has helped to spread the word about the types and styles and brands of good beer that are out there and that some of you have been encouraged to try some of the same as a result of these pages. keep supporting the blokes who are getting some terrific brews out into the market and support the blokes like cloudwine purvis and sword’s select who are retailing and showcasing these beers.
 little
today welcomes the first day of summer and to celebrate i gave maribel a little bubble gum blowing lesson. she then reminded me that it is practically impossible for a kid to not pop someone elses bubbles. nice.
and other produce. students will be offered more fresh fruits whole
radio always tuned for bbc radio 
i came across an interesting blog post today that brought up a topic i have spent time thinking about but that i don’t hear mentioned much in prepperland…the reality of bugging out. now i have to say up front that i don’t agree with some of the points made in that post – i find it hard to believe that anyone would bug out to the woods when there was a chance that would cost them their job or their family – but the points i do agree with are important enough to offer the link and write them down. so here we go.
as ever please do not post your answer but do feel free to say if you have solved it and how long it took. also it is ok to leave fakeoke clues (but no real ones). solution on monday
take care of what you have
when i got it home i tried it on for the man. (note this is usually how i get away with buying new clothes. i try on the sexiest thing ive purchased and parade it in front of him. when he emits a guttural growl i feel certain that he wont ask how much it cost.)
nothing to see here.
 sun peeking through clouds
here are some of your two month stats
yet he abused his position in attempts to hide the fact that he had been driving under the influence of alcohol.
kirkpatrick m. (). sexual selection by female choice in polygynous animals. annual review of ecology and systematics .
after a time though even the fights become so absurd that they lose their splendor. the endless parade of kicks stabs and gunfire turns what would started out as a brilliantly strippeddown effort into a variant of the simpsons rake gag with internal bleeding. indeed the sequences eventually turn downright comical in their interminable length. nowhere is this more evident than when uwais and ruhian so excellent in their isolated scenes come together for a climactic fight that drags on for so long i kept expecting a bikiniclad woman to occasionally walk in front of the camera brandishing a round number on a sign. and though the matching concrete floors and walls facilitate some clever axis inversion on evans part as his camera bucks and turns the drab uniformity of the slum building only makes the parade of martial arts moves more repetitive and droning.
i also admittedly guessed that it would be part of the guantanamo bay bandwagon. then i checked the website above. and guess what? assad baigs (or whatever his name is) ugly mug smiled back at me. send him to egypt or syria where hell really be tortured
water from potato
beer has a terrible image. it is seen as the drink of bogans and slobs whilst wine and spirits are a high end classy choice even though from what i see most of the problems with alcohol come from wine spirits and rtds rather than the amber liquid that we all love so much.
i just want to let everyone know that if enna isilee or i dont get in contact with you the day you send an email or post in the chat box dont freak out both of us have just started our college classes so we both just got busy again.
turn up the music cause i’m trying to hear the speakers blow
spring (so… peaceful…) apriljune
sam you may order the book through amazon barnes & noble.com trafford publishing powells.com kobobooks.com and even borders.com
“yes sir. i mean let me get my schedule for this week and next” i said. i ran over to the counter and tapped leah on the shoulder.
off we went to the hotel and off i went to deep sleep. as it turned out alex was restless and went for a walk thereby discovering that the french quarter was only a few blocks away and that drunken college boys fling strings of beads even when its not mardi gras.
nutty and silky on the palate low in salt with a warm gentle finish
there is a gym down the street that is part of a franchise offering movement and fitness classes for kids. their website indicates that they offer classes starting as early as two months old but this particular location apparently does not offer those. so we will have to wait until he is months old to get started there. i am looking forward to trying this place out though because they seem to have lots of fun ways to entertain and engage the kids in movement.
with few options left erin begrudgingly accepts clay’s help . . . and it just might be her undoing.
carter has an easier job. unifying mars is nothing compared to unifying washington. it only takes him an hour or so to win over those strange desertdwelling tharks (in part by showing that deep down inside their green skin it’s family they care most about). but a decade into a real war and the u.s. is no closer to understanding what’s under afghani skins. (on mars the burning of a book doesn’t cause greater upheaval than the murder of a child.)
the public would not know how much gold was there — and the actual depositories would be guarded and protected with lethal force.
my advice nice guys retrain your bad boy comrades in how to treat a girl properly. that way fewer girls will overlook the nice guys with their clouded and distorted vision that these bad boys have imposed on them.
● no other product has the potential to completely restructure and
asked how she would qualify as a commentator despite her legendary public displays of total ignorance on political geographical environmental social and parental issues mrs palin is believed to have cited her previous tv experience when she worked parttime as a sports presenter for the ktuu station in anchorage alaska in the s.
“if sunpeaks is able to penetrate just five per cent of the warfarin market in just the u.s. sales for clotamin could potentially surpass $ million dollars annually” the company’s president mackie barch said in a release on march .
these are good questions.
like it or not some people will always be offended by something.
. leave a message on the blogs of those you’ve nominated.
ii. the palestinian covenant
the present administration is maniacally opposed to wall street. they oppose the engines of energy in america oil coal and natural gas. they waste billions on socalled “renewable” energy or “biofuels” all of which are incapable of producing sufficient energy for even a moderatesized city or town. biofuels just drive up the cost of crops like corn for no sensible reason.
i love her i love her i love her
it is easy to see how the teacher you are today has evolved from those musings composed years ago; those frustrations and heartfelt understandings about your own learning and developmental needs. your yearning for education beyond the classroom walls is evident in your search for pedagogical wisdom found in the writings of gibran. you were shunted into the sciences due to the misconceptions albeit best intentions of your mother who believed that qualifications in this field would guarantee job security. she may have been partly correct after all your entry into the profession was as a maths teacher. in any case you were right to persevere and finish that damn science degree. the again perhaps she was wrong and today you would be a different writer teacher and person had you pursued a solely literaryrtistic path throughout your teen and young adult years. those chemistry labs at university just didn’t do it for you and the calculus lectures provided no solutions to the big questions that were forming in your mind. yet the dullness of those books may have served another purpose balancing that love of the aesthetic and highly emotive persona with a logical and analytical framework.
soyes it has been quite a week and i am thankful for all of it
in this case "limited resources" meant a camcorder and a dream.
again there was a division among the jews because of these words.
not so long ago the average midtwentysomething had achieved most of adulthood’s milestones—high school degree financial independence marriage and children. these days he lingers—happily—in a new hybrid state of semihormonal adolescence and responsible selfreliance. decades in unfolding this limbo may not seem like news to many but in fact it is to the early twentyfirst century what adolescence was to the early twentieth a momentous sociological development of profound economic and cultural import. some call this new period “emerging adulthood” others “extended adolescence”; david brooks recently took a stab with the “odyssey years” a “decade of wandering.”...nostalgia posing as thought.
 is about art art is about describing the world and art is about the maker
is in the car
i just need to start actually going over the material now hardcore. given that my exams begin in a little over weeks i need to start memorizing and practicing until i know all the material cold.
versamark and then also embossed with wow earthtone honey regular.
its humbling to write about my experience here to claim any authority as a san franciscan. i love this place and do my best to do right by it but theres so much im either yet to or will never know.
i suppose we should count our lucky stars that the daily mail hasnt got hold of this they would have a field day.
it was coming in underneath the door and bursting up in a fountain from the toilet. he sank back into the sofa letting his feet soak in the dark rising waters and switched on the telly. the weather forecast was on. it was raining apparently.
im here to talk a little bit about my experiences on november th but before doing so i wanted to share a few reflections – hopefully not too tedious about the role of the police on campus and about the task of the police review board. i think these reflections will allow my anecdotes about the th to be put into a kind of context and to appear as something other than discrete stories about how campus norms happened to be breached on a particular day last fall.
on one of our beloved thursdays together the three of us headed to harris teeter
in the distance alice could see the path that she had run from. it snaked through the forest going ever deeper into its heart. the light in the forest appeared to be dwindling yet she found she could see further. the creature limped dragging her along with it back towards the path as alice sobbed and made one last futile attempt to break free. as she felt the claws clutching at her arm she was surprised at how gentle they were when holding her despite denying her freedom. she was in no pain from the creature. well she thought not yet at least. that part would surely come soon enough.
sorry for the lack of updates my desire to blog has just vanished recently. i have a couple of things to talk abut but nothing earth shatteringly interesting just about hair.
i dont have anything bad to say about it except topps quality control a number of the base cards had dings in the lower left corner. you can see it on the youkilis above. weirdly the damaged cards werent in sequence. i would get one from one pack and maybe three in another. still at least none were creased or scratched up.
great people tend to gravitate towards great people and thus no wonder that an icon in flood rehabilitation (khun preeda) knows an unsung icon of flood prevention (khun kent) who has committed his time and knowledge to build an effective flood warning system during the flood crisis.
in millions of wellmeaning americans decided to give someone who struck them as a nice young man a shot at the most difficult job in the world. they did this mostly for good reasons for many of the same reasons that we’re in the debt mess that we’re in. they gave obama a chance a the presidency maybe because they agreed with him maybe out of guilt but mostly because they’re nice.
look what the sun brought out while i was in swindon.
a car that runs
the wargamers butterfly effect strikes again
the shops central locations will harness a rustic retail space with stone floor baskets wooden shelves chalkboards etc. the ovens will be directly behind the counter delivering a freshfrom theovenfeel. some space for grab & go brunchunch market goodies in fridges pos and fresh made coffee togo. these other products will compliment the rustic & organic ethos within the shops.
this excursion into the tiny lanes of flanders is an fa cup final a superbowl an olympic opening ceremony and a rodeo all rolled into one.
the first is a fun hot air balloon artwork that is made entirely from pink paislee papers stamps twine packaging basically bare chipboard felt canvas and cardboard shapes and wire. oh and lots of hot glue tee hee... i did this in conjunction with basically
sans street and roadmaintenance vehicles bostled about (im inventing the word "bostle" a combination of bumped jostled blundered and struggled)
as i said yesterday i got my kitchen brains in gear and decided to make a huge pan of weight watchers one point soup (i am not letting down the side of i have a fat arse and i like it it is unbelievably tasty and simple) and a pan of pearl barley in tomato and basil sauce. all the ingredients for this (including the brand new tupperware) came in at below £ and i have enough for an entire week.
i choose to focus on things i can change.
dec. they invented christmas (featuring victorian christmas customs and paintings and yet another meme in which i answer random holiday questions)
then what are we left with? one of china’s better employers that’s right better employers. whilst working life is definitely hard at foxconn with employees working days a week and often for hours a day that’s true of almost any chinese factory (in fact in many busy factories – it’s unlikely that workers even get a day off a week).
 yd lightweight fusible interfacing (woven or nonwoven)
a small victory to be sure but i think an important one; it’s another stone in the growing pile which will form the foundation of sex worker rights in the united states.
everyone else who donated...i have some happy mail to send you too
member state and who are or have been subject to the legislation of one or more
retro stefson
mr. nicholson talked about the perfection of a beach as a drawing surface how the horizon is wide and can be used to set horizontal lines how a penny can be dropped in the sand as a radius to the center of the earth. “on the beach you have natively the axis to the world” he said. and it suddenly felt very momentous standing there in one of my favorite places.
she had not noticed her broken heel and stumbled backwards again grabbing his brown hair and then his shoulder for balance.
the game is ruined when the campers are supposed to attack because they never do. maybe a handful of decent players will try to attack but unless they’re really good most likely they won’t succeed on their own. if the attackers don’t attack then the game is ruined. either the defenders will attack pressing the attackers into their spawn points or they will stay behind waiting for them. in both cases the round will end when the attackers will run out of tickets and if they don’t attack this can take a very long time.
there have been a lot of versions in both films and tv shows. the most famous today is of course the disney cartoon “little mermaid” which was shown in .
but i think it is.
one night in odins mead hall all the gods had gathered and started playing a game wherein they threw things at baldr. since he could not be harmed nothing damaged him. rocks arrows swords hammers all of it bounced harmlessly off baldr. it was great fun. especially if youre drunk off mead.
let me just say that we ate like kings big hearty kings. it was freakin amazingly delicious and we had a great time too. tony nicknamed us luke ‘the smart one’ (me) and boe ‘the crazy one’ (pete) – the dukes of hazzard
all this is happening at this time of year. but i referred to magic at the beginning of this post and that had to do with an egg. here is a picture of a raw egg balanced on its end. why and how you may ask well read on.
nettle gratin with pecorino and nutmeg cream
i clipped her card and a picture of the two of us on it.
“from the time i took over as anc chairman in the province i have matured everyday like wine” mabuza said.
i am so glad that i got to witness life events with you and share time with you. those are some pretty amazing memories and you have grown into such an amazing young woman. you are beautiful smart and talented. you have been given many godgiven gifts and it has truly been a blessing to me to have had the opportunity to raise love comfort and cherish such a wonderful person as yourself. you make my life rich and i truly enjoy your sarcasm and hilarious viewpoints your intellect and who you are underneath it all.
it would be better to explain to your kids the dangers rather than letting them wear hoodies to school to protest like some idiot principal in delaware did. (and we scratch out heads and wonder why the school system is broke.)
p.s. does anyone else waay overthink these things? i cant just flip to a page...i end up spending a good minutes searching for that *perfect* teaser. ;)
this is the memorial that pepys commissioned after the death of his wife elizabeth in at the age of . she is looking directly across to the navy office pew where her husband would have sat each sunday. samuel and elizabeth are buried together at the east end of the church under the communion table according to the burial register.
its canada day today and to celebrate a very light rain fell in the morning. i was grateful for that because i wasnt feeling great and didnt feel like hauling (yet more) stones. the weather somehow justified staying indoors. in addition the harvest wheat i planted a week ago started to germinate and i wondered whether i would have to figure out a way to irrigate it. problem solved for now.
my own
and rhyming elaborately
oh you know what im talking about. theyre the juices with side effects like bodyquakes a constant glazed expression as you plan a page book in your head and a permasmile.
happy new year to you all.
this is not the only place where this expression from psalm is quoted in the christian greek scriptures. this passage from the hebrew scriptures is the one most often quoted in christian scripture. so we can examine a number of its appearances to correctly establish just how it was used and to what arguments it was applied as support. the watchtower interpretation that “sitting” meant “waiting” is required by their chronologybased belief that jesus could not begin his reign until as discussed above. but it is quite clear from many other passages that the early christians did not understand the passage to mean that. they understood the phrase “sitting at god’s right hand” to mean that jesus was already ruling as king. one very clear example of this is paul’s citation of psalm in his first letter to the corinthians while discussing the resurrection. paul actually substitutes the term “rule as king” for “sit at god’s right hand” in the source from which he quotes
table (or common) beers throughout the colonial period were low in alcohol and lightly hopped. called small beers they served as a form of nourishment and at the same time made the water used in preparing the beer "safe" for drinking. recipes were often corrupted based upon what the settlers had available for brewing. molasses and other fermentables frequently substituted for malt.
come on back to my place
which falls here; gathered by light air;
nowhere left to go is a documentary narrated by american author and poet alice walker about a tribe of palestinian bedouin living in the areas around occupied jerusalem called the jahalin. like all bedouin they traditionally lived a seminomadic life and made their living mainly by herding sheep. however with the creation of israel and later the occupation their lives and livelihoods have been inhumanely upturned. more information can be found at jahalin.org an organization dedicated to helping this tribe
another contributory factor is that the media love a bad news story and reject good news ones. and of course the plethora of childrens charities competing for headlines and donations understand this.hes not ... hes not going to say the unsayable? is he?
meles we must show cic that we are willing to pay the price
add seltzer
i always find remembrance services very moving and im so glad that years after the first silence was observed we are still doing it and yet as we all are im obviously very grieved that the first world war did not after all turn out to be the "war to end all wars".
best supporting actor christopher plummer beginners
nor can thy shame give physic to my grief;
such a lot of story lines to wind up but marr cleverly handles the pace and plot by writing darkest mercy from several points of view. i liked this approach because the reader gets a chance to really get inside a character’s head and see the story from hiser perspective. so we understand niall’s anguish after he brings healer after healer to irial with the same result. and his anger toward seth who he believes might have been able to foresee the action and have saved irial. we feel donia’s pain when she realizes to make the summer court whole and strengthen her own. she can never have keenan. we see keenan’s struggles as he realizes he must make a choice between his summer queen and donia.
belfast’s shipbuilding past looms large as does it’s famous child – titanic. visiting just a few days after the th anniversary of the sinking of titanic there was an exhibition around the building of the iconic ocean liner and a very moving memorial to everyone who lost their life on the fateful day. i oddly noted there was a george dean who lost his life (my first name is george) which brought it home to me. i thought there was a palpable sense of civic pride around titanic – although the taxi driver dryly questioned celebrating a badly designed ship that sunk years ago.
step three buy a pair of dark wash jeans. now i know every one dreads finding jeans. everyone is a different shape. i am aware of that. so here are a few tips for finding your perfect denim.
glad you came – would have been better if they had made it into a slow jam much like they did with guetta’s without you.
evie say
i suddenly found myself thinking about this story the other day. i realised perhaps what the story is really about from recent experiences that have given me more insight. some events in real life have very uncanny echoes of this story and i feel as if i actually understand now what i was trying to achieve with the story. i think i misunderstood what the story is most concerned with. maybe i wasnt ready to tell it six years ago. i feel as if i can do a better job now. so seeing as the rain prevents me getting down to the allotment i might revisit the story and see what happens.
president thomas s. monson
trudy is trotting at alix’s side when she and her friend samir see a man thrown into a wintry sea the next morning. when they rescue the man mohammed an illegal immigrant who has been tortured in iraq and refused asylum in england it is trudy who starts to lick his face and try to bring him back to life. trudy trots to and fro from the little hut with alix and samir where they hide mohammed to save him from immediate deportation while they decide how to get help.
 panel julia wright katrina ross galen yeolga polunin
there are freetrade balanced budget democrats. there are socially liberal fiscally sound republicans. there are people interested in the world in both parties. they are not setting the tone of debate. the recent brinksmanship over the budget ceiling may have caused the parties to reexamine their shibboleths or face a us default on its debt but it was a dispute between headbangers. the only hope is this dialogue filters through to the parties activists and they reexamine their ideas because at the moment the usa looks a lot like a richer version of britain in the s. ungovernable as the tribes are just not willing to talk to each other and i see no thatcher on the horizon. the americans i know which includes a range from london expats to westcoast software engineers and deepredstate soldiers are being failed by their political culture. yes a political failure worse than europes. at least sarkozy and merkel are trying to address the issues and someone sane might replace them.
azuma tweaks this model for understanding symbols and narrative in his database model. while ōtsuka argues that the grand narratives of shows like evangelion are given weight by their relevance to realworld grand narratives (such as nation and history) azuma believes otaku narratives are almost completely removed from those of the real world. in the opening chapter of otaku he states “in otaku culture ruled by narrative consumption products have no independent value; they are judged by the quality of the database in the background.” thus although an otaku might be familiar with ayanami rei’s age and bust size be able to quote her dialog and expound on the quality of various plastic models made in her likeness he is not invested any larger worldview or grand narratives that may be encompassed by neon genesis evangelion. instead the otaku mines the series for information to plug into a mental database that also contains information on similar shows. because of the absence of the emotional pull of grand narratives the otaku can substitute one element of his database for another. the light blue hair of a young female character such as hoshino ruri from martian successor nadesico or tsukishima ruriko from droplet effectively is the light blue hair of ayanami rei. for otaku grand narratives are nothing compared to the “animalistic” appeal of a character’s cute face or slender waist. tropes can therefore be transferred from one story and character to another as can an otaku’s emotional investment.
* fridge
wasnt for young ladies.
then beat in egg and tsp vanilla
i received a bottle of this limitededition wild ale from rick at big foamy head. its been in the back of my beer fridge since it arrived here in february. my intent was to allow it to age for a year or two but then a cloud of wtf came over me recently. you know the drill. so i decided to break it out and pair it with something i thought it might compliment or vice versa.
a chord 
just as cool as you please
and it was wonderful.
middleson and oldest have no idea that tomorrow will be an th birthday tailgate in honor of oldests special birthday and an ohio buckeye football game. what a great combination they will both be surprised tomorrow morning. all of my secrets are in place and ready to go i can hardly wait.
all in all dt was pretty good. it probably isn’t my favorite of the series so far but any plot line that involves the ritual sacrifice of children is intense so i was pretty engrossed from the jump. if you are of the group of readers who have read the dark tower books but perhaps haven’t gotten as far in the series i say soldier on. it only gets wackier from here. and if you haven’t read the books and still aren’t convinced here is a list of sentences i’ve used in trying to describe the dt series to friends. i anticipate seeing these on stephen king dust jackets someday.
i wrote in my previous article that the current browns front office had never taken a quarterback in the first round of a draft and i believed that streak would continue with our second first round pick at . i was aware of the browns interest in oklahoma state quarterback brandon weeden but i believed if he was taken it would have been with the browns second round pick at . some speculated he would still be available but with brandon being the next best quarterback on the board and the nfl being a quarterback driven league the browns did not want to risk losing him.
youve heard of oprahs book club right? well sophia and marcus have their own little book club . i let them pick the books they want to read during the week. here are their picks for this week. you can check out their past choices by looking at the "weekly reading" labeled entries.
if the boy was left unaware
this is this weeks in house commercial all produced and created here at mmg we do alot of video work within the automotive sector on a weekly basis and now that we have a blog we can talk about it we’ll be posting alot of our past video productions on this blog but for this post we’re going with our most recent creation. this video is for champion chrysler jeep dodge in downey california. the script was written by the producer and sent to us to get the voice over recorded and then create the video. we went to our lovely and talented artist andrea becker for that and after a day…she sent the final voice over back. everything turned out perfect so we started the edit. for these type of internet spots we tend to use a variety of video footage stills effects and moving text to keep the pace rolling. we are a member of istock and tend to use most of their photos and some video for these projects (along with branded logos website etc.). on this one we weren’t sure what song we want to use and decided to put together our own using various sound loops. we slapped down the vo and song then started in on the edit. after a day and a half of editing we were done and it was ready to be sent off for approval. here’s the final product hope you guys like it
the color is absolutely gorgeous a very pale greywhite with just a hint of yellow.
the pub near wallsend metro station dates back to and had been closed for around months after losing its licence after police complained that it had become a magnet for serious crime and disorder in the town.
it all makes you wonder.
sir allison ( dkbr r by roman ruler o silver bullet moon)
when the lights caught them in all their rich disarray
so far has been an extraordinary year. intensely busy extremely gratifying and filled with overwhelming love and emotion. two months in i cant wait to see what the rest of the year has in store.
“wait asma. we need to talk.”
just because it’s healthy doesn’t mean you need to have slave over a stove for hours on end. in fact some of the best meals for you can be cooked in a crock pot. you might have been hesitant to try this method because it seems like everything would come out mushy and bland. that certainly doesn’t need to
in my review of the fugitive () i observed that if a movie is to be done based on a venerable tv show then it had better remain as faithful as possible to its source.
nex 
the writing was great though and the plot moved quickly i will definitely be reading karens next book whatever it is
thompson then went on to note “i’m sorry i don’t like saying these things because it sounds like i’m sexist but it’s the facts of life.”
their household begins at the bottom of this page and continues at the top of the next where my mom and auntie daisy & dorothy schwartz are listed.
an interview with deborah hopkinson author of titanic voices from the disaster
piques got that stupid grin because were going to the final duh
over the years when ive been asked "who is your favourite writer?" i have often answered "charles dickens." and sometimes added that a lot of people say that without having actually read many of his books while i have read them all.
and we are worried about reforming a generation that is already mostly lost to us? well i won’t argue that too seriously. no stone should be left unturned. but we put so much of our resources and efforts into unlocking doors that have already been shut against us while we studiously ignore the doors that are still open. how can we squander our slim opportunity to make a vital intercession in the next generation of potential arts lovers?…. just what are we thinking? isn’t the key to hold onto the kids who already swim the seas of creativity before life beats it out of them? isn’t that our best shot?
firemen – three males were firemen attached to the cane field. one was fulltime () and two were parttime and also worked in the cane field.
as i was getting ready for bed on my birthday i was listening to the smooth jazz station on iheartradio and wallowing in the early days of my transition. id be driving home from electrolysis in the evenings with the car window down my face all hurt and swollen and id be listening to kyot as i headed home for some much needed rest. in those days much of what i accept now as the relatively mundane daytoday realities of my life were far beyond my ability to even imagine. rather the practical realities of making it from one day to the next one follicle at a time forced a much shorter life view.
today marks the nineteenth month since my life mate — my soul mate — died of inoperable kidney cancer. days of missing him have passed and there is still a lifetime of such days ahead of me.
sounds like a setup for a swashbuckling indiana jones adventure and it might have been. roses account of the trip doesnt exactly get the heart racing which is likely due more to the sparse historical record. rose is better about discussing the journeys context significance and impact. twice she frames the discussion in modern terms discussing this as what it was a transfer of technology and intellectual property theft. she also gets to the nitty gritty of making tea pointing out that fortunes work in learning about tea at one particular buddhist monastery "would also affect how every pot of tea would be prepared in the future."
i don’t know if i want to extend this or make the time faster but right now i want to sustain it for a while
the possible candidate also staked out key positions that will relate to social conservatives and economic populists accusing his gay neighbors of poisoning his cereal and calling for a moratorium on gun control and free scratchnwin tickets for veterans. he then picked up a dirtencrusted pepsi can and threw it at a passerby prompting insiders to speculate that he was feeling the can out as a potential running mate.
and that attention is the key. when you enter the room your rank as boyfriend immediately challenges the crazy fuck up’s hold on full attention. and therefore you are a threat. oh she’ll buddy up to you but she just comes off as icky. and worse you feel kind of negatively towards your new girlfriend because you can’t believe she’s so inspired and so close with such a crazy fuck up. it feels almost like your girlfriend was describing oprah to you and instead you met a down and out heroin addicted courtney love. you just look at your date and think “what the fuck is the matter with you?”
following that is a brief confidential questionnaire that surprisingly doesn’t ask which of your credit cards you consider the luckiest and what is the number and expiration date of that fortunate visa. she asks if you have any major problems in your family life feel like you were born under a bad star have a spouse feel lonely or misunderstood or feel as if a spell has been cast on you. all these questions require a simple yes or no response but there is a freeform field to write “the question that disturbs you most.” for some reason she requires that this question be written “in capitals” even though it’s a tiny tiny piece of horizontal space. again i think she’s steering us away from certain unwanted responses such as what kind of fool do you think i am? and have you seen your mother baby standing in the shadows?
he even discovered a chronic illness that had so far gone undiagnosed. inflammatory markers present in smarr’s blood worried him so he had parts of his genome sequenced and discovered a predisposition toward inflammation. as a next step he had a colonoscopy.
they look up with their pale and sunken faces
as always contact us for any furhter information.
good choices.
“i do solemnly swear that i will support and defend the constitution of the united states against all enemies foreign and domestic; that i will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that i will obey the orders of the president of the united states and the orders of the officers appointed over me according to regulations and the uniform code of military justice. so help me god.”
the wife has been ill for some time in fact i rarely saw her but she always waved and smiled when we passed on the road. last month they packed up and moved out to live with one of their children in arizona. jesse and i thought it was for her health but last week we found out that they had lost their home. shes been so sick for the last few years that they had to take out a mortgage on their home to pay for her medical bills. they couldnt keep up and the bank foreclosed. today i spoke to their granddaughter at the grocery store and found out that the wife is in the hospital and not doing well physically. she seems to have given up and doesnt want dialysis or treatment anymore. i understand; shes grieving the loss of her home. this is a couple who worked hard their whole lives to raise their children and have a nice home. but then she became ill and everything changed. instead of being able to relax in their retirement in the home they worked on for over fifty years they will spend the rest of their lives moving from one of their childrens homes to the next.
hath told you caesar was ambitious
i dont have any great pictures of him wearing them because i keep forgetting to get my camera out of the car and that boy is at work.
ivc instant value coupon at walgreens (walgreens store coupon).
lily noooooo
perhaps some god would reach down with lightning arms
jennifer jason leigh (single white female)
 shaft
to do this nintendo is focusing on getting core games to market. rumors of gta codbo a nintendo fps racing sim return of eternaldarkness and the consoles abilities to play mmo’s shows nintendo wants its old core fans back.
i absolutely love this shoteveryone signing those iconic words.
kinda like being my own boss.
so while youre probably better off consuming something other than a beer after your long run as long as you are well hydrated go right ahead and have one. after all you deserve it.
what could have been done more to my vineyard that i have not done in it? wherefore when i looked that it should bring forth grapes brought it forth wild grapes?
“how long people of south africa will you allow this to go on?”
every week a menu is posted and gutsy cooks choose to cook or all dishes posted in the menu. then you blog about your experience every sunday night. come and cook along with this fun group be gutsy
mocknick what they dont mention is that these agents generally will not accept new writers unless theyre already bestsellers.
after providing background on her own entry into published writing frederick indicated she enjoyed writing for middle graders because they are hungry for stories and retain a sense of wonder and willingness to go along for the ride.
the existing mirror she used over her dresser and a new long wall mirror.
the holy spirit pleads;
. women blink twice as many times as men do.
this google group is associated with the virtual high school meanderings blog (see httpvirtualschooling.wordpress.com). its primary purpose is to create an email based monthly newsletter that would complimentupport the content on the virtual school meanderings blog.
the investigation will cover the following
. images of this and that photographic images that fit in an ikea frame – no custom framing required so it’s easy to start your gallery wall
the funny thing is that they genuinely believe that they’ve ‘won the argument’ and that ‘you’re an idiot who doesn’t know your foot from your face’.
i thought i was all alone.
i love to see them worn by those suited for bold stripesthose bold horizontal stripes.
i keep a "wish list" and every time they have a big sale i buy several items from my list.
but these study authors inadvertently showed why the story of simpletocomplex evolution is not scientific. they did not observe nature constructing bacterial genes but they did observe bacteria losing genes. gene loss may be termed “evolution” by some but it provides absolutely no support for bigpicture evolution. if evolution describes both the reduction and addition of genes then it really doesn’t describe anything.
target audience fullspectrum
cayenne pepper increases the pain threshold in migraine patients. dissolve a pinch in hot water and drink as tea or sprinkle on food.
another businessman said plettenberg bay police were afraid to act against the criminals because "they are scared of their lawyer”.
 falling slowly
the performances from dujardin bejo and even the dog are firstrate. hazanvicius has made a masterpiece and love letter to film. will the artist be the first silent film since the s to win the academy award for best picture? i don’t know. the voting patterns of the academy confound me every year (even when i agree with them) so i’m not going to make a prediction just yet. i do know you should see this movie. it is beautiful. i need to netflix the oss films just to see more of the hazanviciusujardin collaboration. this guy is a filmmaker to watch and i can’t wait to see what he makes next and with what techniques. in a perfect world this movie would open the door for a silent film renaissance but the world we live in is far from perfect. maybe it’s for the best. copycat films would almost certainly fall short of the benchmark for quality set by this film. in the meantime we have the artist and that is more than enough.
as usual i have hit the century mark please folks bear with me. i will get down to reading your posts. i may not be brilliant with my comments but i am sure you guys will bear with me.
next up is ‘player id’. this is designed to make players more recognisable in the sense that they will have their signature attributes skills and tricks available that set them apart from their fellow pros. this feature is not just limited to outfield players as konami have confirmed that goalkeepers are also going to be individual and easily identifiable by unique characteristics.
"daniel" she said warmly hugging sams father. "im so glad youre here. i knew youd put them first." she touched abbys chin. "ta a beautiful young lady you are. youre so like your father." she reached out and embraced sam. "and this is samantha. girls i am the baba yaga." she smiled again revealing crooked yellow teeth one missing from the front.
what do you think false teachers teach? what is so savage about these wolves? what do they preach that threatens the flock so greatly??
first i got a choker and earring set. this is in silver which i love and each earring and the choker has little bells (the kind with two halves like an open shell and no clapper) along the bottom which tinkle pleasantly.
“sitin” turned into “walk”
sometimes for victimization
chemical brothers leave home uk
cool completely on the sheets over a wire rack.
it’s always tempting on may st to tell yet again the story of the haymarket massacre the second international’s commemoration of those events the may day riots the amsterdam conference and the fight for the eight hour day. trouble is you all know this stuff and yet lots of you will have forgotten what links you to those workers in chicago. their struggle is our struggle it’s the same struggle. now some will tell you that nothing’s changed. well that’s not true. most of you will benefit from limited working hours sick pay health and safety legislation weekends national holidays trade union recognition minimum wage unfair dismissal legislation and so on. it’s miles from perfect. but it’s progress and none of us would want to turn the clock back.
i invested my precious life in things that i haven’t been asked for. nobody asked me ‘dear iulian how do you want to live your life? do you want to help people make money maybe go travel the world?’. nobody did this and there are a lot of reasons to do so.
"like when im ?"
i’ve been tagged again but there won’t be questions this time around (i’m probably out of answers by now anyway). many thanks to traci kenworth for thinking of me for the lucky seven meme. i’ve never seen this game so it was twice as fun to be tagged for the challenge.
i have fallen madly in love with the wanted over the past month or so. i have their songs as ringtones on my phone and listen to them kind of incessantly here lately. i absolutely love this song their second us single a new track from their debut us ep “the wanted ep” so it was actually new to me as opposed to most of their other music which had been around a while without having been released in the us. this song is absolutely gorgeous i love it’s dance sound and it’s “oh oh oh oh oh” melody which is an element that is being majorly overused in music lately since britney and jennifer lopez both did it on singles released within days of each other. still it is put to very good use on this song. like i said i absolutely love this song and if you enjoyed their first us single “glad you came” then you will definitely love “chasing the sun” as well this song is definitely worth a download
but sanal edamaruku spoilt this prospect. within minutes he clearly identified the source of the water (a drainage near a washing room) and the mechanism how it reached jesus feet (capillary action). the local church leaders present during his investigation were far from pleased. see the investigation in detail on youtube.
i hung up and another thought entered my mind. if i had found a lost mail on a road or a sidewalk i would have taken it to the closest mailbox and mailed it. so in an improbable scenario where a stranger finds and mails my lost letter quill would receive the check which would mean that quill and me would have to pay penalty for attempting to deposit a cancelled check. no good.
this morning the central bank of ireland (cbi) has released its monthly snapshot of the state of irish banks focussing on deposits and lending. the data covers the period up to th february and shows that during the month of february deposits by ordinary households and businesses actually increased at the socalled “covered” or statesupported banks – essentially the two pillar banks bank of ireland and aib and also permanent tsb. the increase of €m from €.bn in january to €.bn in february was modest enough but means that private sector deposits at covered banks are at their highest level since june though the figures below show there has been a stabilisation rather than a recovery. private sector deposits fell at covered banks in the past months by €bn from €bn to €bn but most of that fall took place in the first six months of and since july the figures have been stable. i think it is fair to say there are signs of stabilisation but it would be a gross exaggeration to claim “deposits were flowing” into irish banks.
(rightly do they love you.) still speaking directly to her beloved she tells him she understands completely why the daughters love him. can you imagine how that makes him feel? after all he created us for companionship with him. to love him with our own free will. whether we are walking in immaturity or the fullness of maturity we are still his bride. we love him because he first loved us. and as we continue to know him more he will reveal himself more and cause our love for him to grow.
for centuries writers have sung the virtues of staying connected to the routine and the mundane. real creativity should feel like a game not a career. having to hang out the washing or get up and make breakfast helps you remember that your "work" is actually fun. and for it to stay fun you have to be unafraid of failure. its very powerful to be surrounded by people who love you for something other than your work who are unaware of the daily painful fluctations of your reputation. i discovered recently that my youngest child thought i spent my days typing out more and more copies of my book millions so that everyone could have one.
i loved it and as an adult i asked if i could have it even though it was chipped a bit.
the bad thing is that days weeks and months go by and nothing changes. what’s going on god where are you? have you forsaken me? what have i done wrong to deserve all this?
who knows?
port elizabeth elderly man attacked assaulted and tied up in luneville street.
there are many ways to use umbrellas for singing time here are a few ways that weve thought of
proteus
the likud as a party is more powerful than ever.
when we made it off the airplane it was after midnight and it looked like the other passengers thought that i was going to hulk out at any moment. they kept their distance and kept looking at each other with saveme eyes when i walked past. when we picked up the luggage my motherinlaw let us borrow it was broken because god obviously wanted me to throw myself off of a building at the end of my honeymoon.
and yeah for a very brief but welcome appearance from bob i miss bob and lee. that’s all i’ve got for this week. leave me your two cents only four more episodes to go
poole council well deserving prats of the week
because kaylin cant show up to my house without sweets. just like taylor cant go anywhere without pinot grigio. and emily bless her heart knows not to knock on my door without mr. noir.
“c’mon back in an’ thaw your toes.
and while i didnt go out on black friday id love to hear what all you found for good deals i can live vicariously through you so do tell.
 he is saying bye bye no momma uhoh ball
totally a snackers paradise and it took like a total of like seconds to do this and the payoff is huge first off the kids dont need any assistance getting a snack because they can now easily find what snacks are for them and only eat good portions. secondly it actually takes up far less cabinet space than all of the boxes and packages would have. win win
let me just say it meant the world to me that pam reached out in this way and wanted to talk to me about this. she cared enough to ask the questions. in fact when we got together tonight she had a list of questions for me. i felt so loved tonight as i talked and answered her questions. she cared enough to wonder how i felt then when zach was born and then to ask how i felt now. the funny thing is pam wondered if she had been a good friend to me...and yet she is someone who stands out in my mind as one who has gone the extra mile to care for me and to care for my family over these past three and a half years. she spent a year or more before she had some changes in her schedule spending time with zach on a weekly basis because she "did not want zach to grow up and not know who she was." i am blessed to have a friend like this
this is so true..although his family thought they were acting in his best interest and in love..they were in fact infringing on this mans rights..an older man who simply wanted to enjoy himself regardless..simple really..we can be so selfish sometimes.
lovefrench meadow brownies udi muffins general mills chex glutino pretzels back to nature crackers and glutino crackers.
jackson taghon
he lives to love but only seems to hate
jessica.mann@eytt.org
doubt must be cast on the current emphasis on exploiting large quantities of natural resources and capital at the expense of efficiency. it is inadvisable to keep relying on natural resources renewable or otherwise as a means of earning foreign currencies and fostering growth. if anything the current growth strategy has given rise to a big group of lowincome people who struggle just to make ends meet.
and you can be sure that in the pet rescue mysteries “nokill” means pets not people
the room was lit by a tiny table lamp that cast enough light to cover only half the room. the bed was in pristine condition with a small quilt spread over the bottom. on the nightstand was a bowl of candy probably as old as his children were. a giant leather bound bible sat beside a tv guide from . smiling faces on the cover from a show that was cancelled years ago. a collection of stuffed animals sat on the dresser. and in a rocking chair sat the woman he had come to see. her frail and tiny body going back and forth. she had her hands folded in her lap and she was singing along with the music very softly that he could barely hear it. she was smiling.
the proof
in his first marriage. i gave him a confidence that he was worthy to receive love. that he was truly the greatest guy in the world for me. i encouraged him in everything he did. i wanted him to be happy inside. i think i succeeded.
the girl opens her mouth in response to some generic questioning from the journo saying
i generally try to keep everything under control and avoid dwelling too much on the past i guess the distractions good and bad of recent times have helped in that respect and i generally like to keep busy. things do get past my defences though. a few weeks ago i received by decree absolute something that i knew was on its way and that really is only the final piece of paperwork to confirm the end of my marriage. i thought i was prepared for it but i wasnt it was still incredibly upsetting.
but in their comments companies warned ntia to focus only on drafting voluntary guidelines not mandatory rules.
while speaking to this said stalker for the first time i did get a bad vibe and was rather "weirded" out by many of the statements he made. however i brushed it off because well he doesnt know me and there is indeed a block and ban option on the site i broadcast on both of which i undoubtedly made good use of. nonetheless irregardless of my efforts to rid myself of this persons presence he has made it a daily vigorous duty to not get the picture and find me on every messenger and site that i regular on and send me message after message after message after message after message to which of none of them did i respond to. yet he continues. thus i decided to respond to one and simply say (and yes i simply said) "do not contact me anymore." because although i made good use of the block feature on the sites i regular it had become pointless because he would create new profiles to contact me under.
the other day i was listening to some nurses talk about patients having to go back to surgery because of excessive bleeding. "yeah sometimes they have a prolene deficiency hypoprolenemia" said one to gales of laughter. i didnt so much get it. later i discreetly asked my preceptor what i was missing. prolene is a kind of suture material the cardiovascular surgeons use. now that is funny.
but since we’re on our way down
useful background
there was then more of an informal discussion when fred parry asked mike about sycamore and then paul wissman of the local scheppers distributor spoke some about the beers and breweries. it was opened up for an audience q &a. then we got to take home a goody bag the bbq sauce and rub made in the class which is sycamores recipe used for their bbq pork belly sliders. score i cant wait to try these. we took away the recipes for everything we ate too.
the global warming hoax is now killing peopleby friday february th an estimated europeans had died from the freezing weather gripping the continent. this is the price they and british citizens are paying for embracing the global warming hoax spending billions for wind power when they should have been building coalfired and other sources of energy to heat their homes and businesses.well neither of the articles alan links to blame the deaths on wind power although they do mention "the increasing toll of hypothermia over the past five years coincides with a surge in energy costs especially gas prices which have gone up by per cent." this seems counterintuitive since gas and coal unlike wind are plentiful and inexhaustible resources which should only become less expensive as their use becomes more widespread. but as we shall see victims of seasonable but extreme european weather froze to death directly as a result of windmills just like frankensteins monster except he burned to death. (spoiler alert according to eyewitness una oconnor he actually didnt)
“i. . .love you . . .”
please see their note below and give them a try. you wont be sorry.
for instance my thursday night show "spanking the lower east side" at nurse bettie is extremely spacechallenged. the bar is small with a maximum capacity of . there is a tiny small square stage that measures maybe x and to further complicate things there is no dressing room. we have the back corner of the bar and pull close two curtains as a makeshift "private" area for ourselves. there is only one bathroom so using that to get oneself ready is out of the question. i even had to create a dos & donts document with critical information such as "dont bring your roller to this show" for new performers.
wol (on his back rolling in laughter as he comes to grips with his mushy friend) dude stop it you’re killing me
wins aren’t always pay days? success isn’t always public adoration? appreciate the journey we’re on…? shinny turds are still turds? turn up that rock music? i have no idea… take from it what you want. i’m sure when dave navarro did that interview to promote some tv show he had no idea that i would find it while researching for a script and then that it would be referred to in a blog entitled “polishing an “o” out of poop.”
“love me” he screams.
for those of us inclined to pray we’re already doing it. it’s preaching to the choir. the designation of a day that is set aside for prayer is unnecessary for people who pray and exclusionary to those who don’t.
the hexagram of israel has the same connotation. there is one triangle over another and sometimes interwoven one black one white. this is the same symbolism displayed in the goddess holding one arm up and one arm down. this is the symbol used by the ancient alchemists to denote dark and light forces. the hexagram can also be found on the floor of muslim mosques. the hindus worship a supreme goddess known as kali. to this day there are human sacrifices to kali in hopes of gaining earthly wealth. kali is worshipped on the cremation grounds and is a goddess of destruction. i’d call that a “cremation of care”.
not sure if everyone knows but tulips are my fave colors i alsmot colored them in purple color but then chanced my mind and i thought you would like to see others colors on my card then purple right?? lol lol
the other great fascination and in complete contrast to everything else on telly (which was all black and white up until wimbledon and remained mostly black and white for many years after) were the "trade test colour films". all fairly short some merely instructional (how cars are made the history of plastic and other dull subjects for a kiddiewinkie) some just weirdly psychedelic they were entrancing and magical to me
i broke it mike. i broke my promise
~cambria
favorite nonalcoholic drink water
i want to thank everyone who played around with my october color challenges i know some of them were a bit tricky but those who played truly impressed us and were always so pleased when our challenges inspire you some of you left us some terribly sweet feedback for which we are very grateful. your kind words keep us going and going and going so you wont be rid of us dollies for a while )
tips to becoming more sustainable in your own home
nowhere in the muslim world can you find such a profusion of domes and minarets as in cairo. rising from the haze of crowded crumbling streets in the old chaotic yet picturesque medieval parts of the city they dominate the city’s skyline. minarets indeed are cairo’s joy and ornament and the source of cairenes’ favorite nickname madeenet el alf midhana “the city of a thousand minarets.”
grace as unmerited forgiveness
pm(arrived home) apple
i’ve brought you a gift. it’s a crystal nothing more. but you turn it this way and look into it it’ll show you your dream.
sex lies and videotape
if you have never been beaten by your husband all we can say is; be warned as this is a clear sign that he does not love you at all. you should indeed do the rightful thing expected from a loving wife; scream beg him to stop and of course thank him for beating you by warming his bath water and making him a nice hot ugali or sour porridge.
shoots up through the stony ground
schedule july to june 
you should all go buy this record immediately and listen to it immediately afterwards but before you do there is one caveat skip the first track. it finds alec ounsworth barking like a carnival huckster and the band seemingly doing everything they can to make you stop listening (interestingly it makes a much better final track and because it was designed to be the first it leads into the second quite well and so the record has great flow even when put on repeat). but after that first offputting song it settles into a sublime groove a drone that ebbs and flows (good lord did i really just type that?) with little regard for hooks or traditional songcraft. notable exceptions include "over and over again (lost and found)" where cyhsy find not only a great vocal hook but supplement it with a a great guitar hook and "is this love?" with its incredible chorus. lots of bands are described as "having a sound uniquely their own;" few earn it as cyhsy did.
whole of last night my brain buzzing with this quarry in blanchisseuse thing….then i wake up this morning to read that the pm play the gender card again and my morning derailed.
earlier this evening we heard the mournful death cries of a large animal possibly a buffalo being taken down by a predator. we couldnt see what or where this was happening but the cries carried far and wide across the grassy floodplains. there were some splashing sounds as if this was all taking place at the edge of the water or one of the pools.
it doesnt say no rockets right?
an eruption of night
over the years we ran the local he yahoo group together and worked to make n yorks a better place for heers in terms of treatment by the la. an objective that we thought wed largely achieved but which when we realised we’d been played to a certain extent saw us both supporting each other and others in erm... non compliance i suppose you’d call it ;)
black eyed peas and cilantro and coconut
that and the tax writeoff.
outside of new york hillary will be colored and judged by her years in the white house. she gets sympathy for the embarrasment we all assume she suffered when bill admitted to the lewinsky affair; she also gets positives for being a strong woman. knocking those out though are the negatives
situations. how you treat others is how you will be treated by doing the right
~guineapig~
i was recently flipping through the channels and did something i rarely do i stopped on the christian station. i began watching a wellknown christian speaker preach to his congregation on the famous promise to abram found in gen . to my amazement the pastor left out the most important part of the passage and only read and commented on the following “i will bless you and make your name great” (he actually used some contemporary translation that said something like “i will make you famous and distinguish your name”). i was floored. the preacher went on to talk about how god wants to make your name great and distinguish your name and he then gave examples of people who started following god and saw their careers advance and their name become distinguished among their peers.
"the rumored death of the internal combustion engine is premature" mr. winegarden said.
hey little guy. i’ve been thinking about you a lot lately and hope you are doing well up there. everything is going pretty well down here. your big sister is doing well at “school” and is still loving your little sister. it makes my heart very happy to see them together.
then some idiot walks by
yet another use for the bias tape tool straps. i love this tool. it makes neat folds saves your fingers from getting burned by the steam of the iron and saves time.
he continues
dp pion
i cant really bring myself to write about whats happening here. id feel like a hospital orderly describing the last days of a dying vagrant. and im not up for that.
just pop a comment on this post and a link to share the giveaway with your friend )
its a bit of a hobby of mine to read baby name books. i love words and i really love names i have an ever changing list of awesome names i wouldnt mind naming my kid someday as well as names that i really like even though i dont like them quite enough to actually use them... here is a list of some names that start with a or b (if i did all the letters the list would be miles long) that i currently think are awesome. the ones with a * are my absolute favorites.
i’m a news guy…i work my ass off…i love my job but sometimes you have to deal with things that aren’t a part of life. i don’t get the luxury of doing it from my living room like the rest of the world.
local mpg
certaintyecurity
renewing my mind is a lifelong process. keeping my will and my spirit aligned so that my intellect desires emotions and flesh stay under the word of god means constantly pulling down strongholds and crucifying the flesh. using the technique of “w.r.a.p.” thinking is crucial in this process. (disregard the “w” in w.r.a.p.) i have to recognize which of my thoughts are ungodly and then analyze how they line up (or do not line up) with the word of god. next i have to penalize ungodly thoughts using the word of god and change that line of thinking. romans tells us “and be not conformed to this world but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind that ye may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of god.”
in my next post i promise to show you all some of my holiday photos which i know i have said for a while now ... sorry 
now one might wonder why ther appears to be a length of servitude attached to this sale. it seems that in march before the troubles had begun legislature of rhode island had passed a law “that noe indian in this collony be a slave but only to pay their debts or for their bringeing up or custody they have
shirley was sick about three months.
but it is just my opinion. those people on those shows are dull as dish water and in the majority have no substance to their personalities. they are all about who is going with who and how such and such look; and truth be told the women on it are not natural beauties. miranda kerr springs to mind as a natural beauty as does bar refaeli (my dream woman).
side by side upon the page –
if they sign up you can have more opportunities to make contact with them and hopefully build rapport and trust and eventually turn them into paying customers.
i had yet another runin with ground bees this past weeki was going to plant some of the ornamental grasses. i didnt realize they were nesting in one of the containers and when i picked the grass out of the bucket i got stung. i dropped the grass and ran into the house not realizing that they were in hot pursuit. my shirt was full of themi ended up with at least stings of them quite bad. i got my revenge later in the week though. i went out in the dark and filled a barrel with water and threw the grass in while they slept. it was only out so i think that even if it had been light out they wouldnt have been too active...but better safe than sorry
 cup green beans
lesson passions can be destinations but are more frequently journeys. it’s an interesting point about passions that they are viewed very very differently by children than they are by adults. a child is more apt to pursue a passion because it is fun without a specific attachment to be successful at it. they don’t begin the pursuit of a passion with an understanding of its highs and lows or what it could be or certainly what it should be. but as adults we often tend to start a passion with an expectation about what it will look like. for example kade periodically talks about building a time machine. his interest is in designing it measuring and cutting and hammering – and sharing it with me. generally an adult wouldn’t even begin building a time machine because you “can’t” – and if they wanted to hammer measure and cut it would be in pursuit of a specific end goal like a shelf or a chair. in my pursuit of my “career” as a teacher it clearly moved from the “destination” to the “journey.” i read more i learned more and i experienced more about what being a teacher would be like. i realized that it wasn’t the right time for me and with the idea of teaching still gnawing at me a bit i dropped the idea and went to work in human resources.
nå var stoffet blitt så pent at hun ble forfengelig og syntes at mange skulle kunne se henne. dermed gikk hun til sin gode venn janome symaskin og spurte om han kunne hjelpe henne med å bli quiltet. selvfølgelig sa janome.
i *bleep* the cobwebs on the hall
the us’s policy toward rhodesia was slightly more nuanced given that it equated african majority rule with marxism. but once jimmy carter came to power marxism was no longer an impediment to mobocracy. the us joined the un britain and the rest of the international community in a commitment to ensconce that sexy freedom fighter mugabe. the rest is history—as is postcolonial africa.
so what’s going on? well as i stated earlier this is a demonstration of wellknown physics specifically two related phenomena called electromagnetic induction & magnetic braking via eddy currents. it all has to do with the interaction between my “special planchette” (actually a powerful neodymium magnet) and the copper beneath it. check out this youtube video of me performing this demonstration (without the ouija board) along with the written explanation…
on being asked whether there would be a challenge to najib’s leadership should he fail to secure a thumping victory in the th general election tan sri abdullah ahmad opined that if a challenge is mounted against najib it would be from the second echelon leaders and not from his deputy tan sri muhyiddin yassin. he then made this telling observation
warning contains spoilers please revisit my review after watching the film if you do not wish to know what happens.
when you are with someone you like you stop seeing them as a sales person. you feel like they are looking out for your best interests without digging around for their commission.
sassy (fully fledged member of hermits united)
two whole hours of quiet in this house is like the cherry on top of a huge banana split its amazing if you get to eat it but if it rolls off onto the dirty floor its not good for anyone complete silence during the day is very rare. during that nap time i clean vacuum do laundry and try my best to clean up the mess that blewup all over the house that morning. if im lucky i might be able to get in the shower; then just when im ready to sit back in the recliner and prop up my leopard print slippers the chair creaks and one by one they emerge. by bedtime i find myself standing in the middle of the living room surrounded by toys and chaos trying to remember if i had actually cleaned that afternoon or if i imagined it
it means that we need to
i’d like to thank col cordero of the united states marine corps. he alone among conflict analogists (nope not a word but it’s my blog so i say it stays) has had the courage to not see the conflict in afghanistan as a parallel to the conflict in vietnam. team america i give you “the revolutionary war” model
sometimes mums need to do just that no shame no hurt just a good long heartfelt cry until your shoulders shake and your eyes sting.
this letter speaks for itself and will indicate the correct reason why i am applying now to go to roumania. the reason is that i have in roumania my grandfather uncles cousins nieces and other relatives who are now in terrible straits. my family has made up its mind for me to proceed immediately to roumania while conditions are still tolerable for the purpose of assisting our relatives there and to bring some of them to the united states at the first opportunity.
 w shot put qualification
the travel soap box i had was solid white and boring so i decided to give it more pizzaz working on a nonstick craft sheet i used tim holtz felt applicator and dabbed on th adirondack alcohol inks in various colorshades latte butterscotch cranberry current eggplant & metallic silver. i did a lot of experimenting with colors so there could be more. the master of alcohol ink (tim holtz) makes mention in his techniques that youll have to know when to stophe wasnt kidding. ha ha... hes got some great tutorials for using alcohol ink heres a good one to get your feet wet > here. youre gonna love what all these inks can do
… terms for god as well the whole understanding of god must now be delineated with respect to jesus.
in other news ive been seeing petunia around several times a week and ive got two canada geese that have been hanging out. not nearly as friendly as loretta but they are less afraid every day and have been coming up for snacks and visiting just feet from the front porch a few hours a day. i love geese. their mannerisms are adorable and they are such beautiful birds.
nobuhiro hayatsu scarsdale n.y.
z zoo favorite animal giraffes
preferably fulleresque theology (i.e. likeminded)
well still be publishing art reviews and artist profiles elsewhere in the paper and as far as i know fred will be one of the people writing them.
people gathered
awards offers
and i should be able as a selfrespecting gardener to grow them successfully from seed. particularly since i live in a climate that is so forgiving and offers zero room for me to spread the blame beyond my own black tomato seed growing thumbs.
hasn’t research shown gm foods to be safe?
during a summer session at ut brownsville i used stupid america in one of the sabal palms lectures i delivered there. the audience responded to the poem just as we all did when you first wrote it almost years ago. your work in chicano poetry will stand as a testament to struggles we’ve endured as chicanos in proclaiming our presence in this country; and your poetry will stand as the legacy
there is a bodyless “barbershop quartet of heads” that function like the chorus in greek plays as they sing verses such as “ ‘the body’s full of juices cooking down to jelly and a jelly’s just a cube with too much heat like tinted lucite waiting to become a living room objet.’ ” often we meet a kind of main character sleeping in the dumpster amid the clippings of hair behind the beauty college that borders the undeveloped tracts of land. and in a passage that typifies the experience of bodies in the landscape and the body of the land there is a detailed account of expectoration.
he is promising to love me and show me that he loves me. (he says he can see how he neglected me)
the rugs are stacked in our breakfast area where six kitties and a certain puggle sit strategically like fuzzy little chess pieces
george pepparedsteakonrye will play the louche writer paul varjakbudweiser always a sucker for hollys comeon lines.
we also talked about his pride and joy which is the family recipe for his red sauce which he is now the holder of. this recipe is years old and has been in his family since then. he currently makes the sauce bottles it and sells it. i cant wait to find it and give it a try and he stated that it can be purchased at the pennington market. i will have to find this soon and write a review about it
why are website visitors important? because more visitors mean more people to convert to leads and sales. better imaging of your brand.
i know you are not supposed to look at those typical charts but i do. i do not look at them and think "oh if only she were typical and doing these things." i use them as a tool. i want to know what her peers are achieving so i can set goals for her. yes i remember her time frame is different but i need a point of reference so i can decide where we need to go and what we need to be doing to get there. i brought these goals to the speech therapist and it was so helpful. she went through them with me. the speech therapist also did a language evaluation on kristen. it was so helpful as well because it gave us an idea of what she needs to work on.
i dont want this to be about "dieting" or "weight loss" or any of those things because in my heart i know that each of us can use this as a "fill in the blank" sort of post. it works for "not raising your voice to the kids" "not nagging your husband" and "not spending as much money" just as well as it does "take control of your health". hmmmm....i guess its safe to say that all of those aforementioned subjects are things that god has asked me to deal with.
logan forsythe sd s 
the court of justice considered that the referred question was for all essential purposes answered by the judgment in medeva (c) and therefore delivered a reasoned order. the courts language is closely modelled on that used medeva and concludes that article (a) precludes the grant of a spc relating to active ingredients which are not specified in the wording of the claims of the basic patent. the ruling of the court is therefore as follows
the beautiful scalloped border on the red checked paper was made with the new tonic studios
if she gets pregnant she’s stopping herself “in the middle of the road of life” he said.
vision of exotic fauna & flora the place is painted with the natural beauty of its surrounding… open invitation to discover the splendor of the panoramic view of tamarin & flic en flac beach from the far horizon…
and i got to take their pictures... and we all lived happily ever after.
the other nominees don’t come close to matching either of the aforementioned shorts lavatory lovestory ( russian) is cute but didn’t really do much for me and certainly didn’t innovate as far as animated style is concerned. the british submission this way up () was technically strong and admirably cheeky but went a bit nuts in the finale. i found the slight (three minutes) oktapodi ( french) terribly funny and a good example of how pixar’s computergenerated animation style has come to define the genre but it didn’t have nearly enough heft to do much more than produce giggles. i just like animated octopods.
i pulled up to the front of the store handed him some money and told him what kind of milk i wanted him to get.
there is no right or wrong way to apply the products above however using the principals ive outlined will give you the desired result.
* emory university (usa)
lately ive been obsessed with flowers and all things pretty for adorning the outside of the house. i have been literally driving around my neighborhood stalking pretty yards hoping to find a house for sale that happens to have a hydrangea tree because i would like to use that to put in the backyard. crazy right?
grammar no this is not the gal married to grampar. its the good ol parts of speech sentence structure and all the lovely rules about capitalization and double negatives and how aint aint a word cuz teacher says it aint.
im really enjoying my classes so far. the second class that im taking is electronic resources using the internet. ill be reflecting on them both a great deal in the near future.
was it like being in willy wonkas chocolate factory?
evies room
+
the president’s ruling with regards to birth control is quite simple if you are an employer with so many employees you must provide as part of an overall women’s basic health package free birth control. that’s it. it doesn’t go after religious institutions. the church can be against birth control all it wants; the federal government is not saying that it can’t. what the government is saying is…
we hovered above a greek port café
one local man michael forbes has stood up to trump from day one and refuses to budge from what has been his family home for decades. trumps plans for his hotel have been thwarted thus far and his ongoing and very public battle with mr forbes has seen trump describe him as the village idiot. whatever your view on mr forbes one cant but help admire him for standing up to trump and just not letting him get his own way.
in his final screen role and despite being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer cazale continued work with fiancée meryl streep in the deer hunter. "ive hardly ever seen a person so devoted to someone who is falling away like john was" said pacino. "to see her in that act of love for this man was overwhelming.
moreover youtube tells me that ive been uploading clips for two years this month and that this one is my th celebrations all round. hope you enjoy the asado.
the history of african churches in europe is becoming a fascinating subject as new research work and discoveries are been found all the time. churches such as the celestial church of christ founded in munich germany in the kimbanguist church founded in belgium in and the true teachings of christ’s temple founded in amsterdam the netherlands in by rev daniel himmansarday were all formally considered as first african churches in europe. to some extent this assertions usually by the founders of these churches were true only partially as they were the first african churches in their respective european countries. this means that the true teachings of christ’s temple is the first african church in the netherlands albeit not europe. in the case of the uk the first african church used to be the church of lord aladura founded by apostle adejobi in in south east london. then marika sherwood wrote about pastor daniels ekarte’s church (pastor daniels ekarte and the african churches mission london savannah press ) african churches mission founded in liverpool in .through sureway international christian ministries documenting its own story particularly for their centenary celebrations in and the writings and research work of ian macrobert david killingray (currently working on a book about rev kwame bremwilson) and desmond cartwright more light has been shed on the first african church in europe. my sense is that there is still more to be researched about the beginnings of african churches in europe.
i couldnt get rid of them. is that ridiculous? they are pants. its pretty unlikely that i will ever wear them again but i just...cant. there are so few reminders of your life of our time together that i find myself clinging to every shred of evidence i can.
and mount martha is in the background.
its also less long.
a couple of days ago we had my birthday dinner at a vietnamese restaurant a treat from my hubby. yup no cooking on that day ) we were late as my kids had some schoolwork to finish and by the time we reached the restaurant we were really hungry it was a lovely dinner. i enjoyed the appetizers more than the main course took some pictures to share.
an action film doesn’t need to have intelligence (although that can be a pleasant plus) in order to be successful. for those looking for entertainment that doesn’t require a great deal of mental investment this is definitely the way to go. it’s got great stunts and fights high tech gadgets that would make q division green with envy sexy women hunky men and international intrigue – not to mention exotic locations. there may be no casinos here but the spirit of james bond is alive and well with this franchise – and with the bond franchise as well thankfully. spy movie fans are certainly living in the best of times.
a year and a day since leaving the uk sarah and i have our longlongedfor visas to live and work in australia.
the texture buckwheat butter cookie with chocolate chip is crunchy. it has a lovely nutty taste to it. i knew i brought some cocoa nibs but i just couldn’t locate them (these are the moments i wish my helper will not touch my stuff). she always ended up re arranging my stuff and she can’t remember where and i can’t find it. arrrgghh
here’s a wiki that helped our decision making
shes wasnt fat anything she was this cute little yearoldish petite frame that would ask ever so politely for her pancakes everyday from the chef. so much that her mom forbade her to eat anymore pancakes the following day (after her n servings). lol.
book fair bewares there are many reasons for writers to attend book fairs. unfortunately there are just as many ways for unscrupulous people to take advantage of that.
i started last nights workout whinyexhausted.
normally i started wondering what if there were no frontiers on this earthmaybe we could really speak all those languages
this morning as i sat at the table to write i heard the creak in the floor upstairs but no television. m got some water from the sink retraced his steps through the kitchen but stopped at the table. he pulled out a chair and sat. he asked "how are you doing?"
we can make a difference….
the poetry episode
zp oh no no. like i said the whole project of privilege is making tangible things. it’s not so much the matter of the album as a tangible item as i mean as a unifying concept. i also like physical objects and so things like record store day i’m glad people are still doing that and there is support for the physical store. i don’t know i guess the idea of putting out a fortyfive minute thing that is twelve to fifteen songs long just arbitrarily seems kind of like a dated idea. music comes out in different ways now and people relate to it in different ways now than that.
its no a space odyssey but jason x will always hold a dear place in my own heart. as the last proper friday the th movie it goes out with a damn big bang.
the rosemarys greybluegreen foliage has seasoned many of hubbys culinary creations. its winter blooms of brilliant periwinkle have provided much sweet nectar for countless honeybees hummingbirds and other pollinators. when i see the blooms beginning to come out like they are now i know that spring is not so far away.
hello hello
scored with traditional notation can only be gestured at
the result of all this is that cakes aside (the day job) i haven’t shared any dessert recipes. generally i serve up some variation of a cake if such a course is required or oranges steeped in brandy syrup. i can be moved to make fruity desserts but the crumbles pies cheesecakes steam sponges upsidedown puddings tarts profiteroles and all the rest of it rarely feature in my kitchen. balance is required. i do have a couple of cheesecake recipes up my sleeves this one the easiest and something which appears to be the best dessert in the world. i struggle to see what all the fuss is about but others have arrived at this consensus. today we will go with the easiest and work up the best ever.
. shrimp in brisket rub @ mom & dad’s house (pottstown pa) p.m.
what if they hated it?
sustein defines false conspiracy theories as being “an attempt to explain an event or practice by reference to the machinations of powerful people who have also managed to conceal their role”.
numbness spreads through my veins
sogo is such a heaven~ there were soooo many japanese gyaru brands there as well like spiral girl glad news etc~~~ *goes crazy*
"little darling its been a long cold lonely winter. little darling it seems like years since its been here. "
this is becoming a pattern liko is narrating his own life living simultaneously in his life and in the story of his life. his imagination is his life. its a little bit disconcerting to watch but also kind of cool.
it was a bright sunny day when we left farm country but the closer we got to the city it started to snow. what a fun christmasy day this is going to be i thought scott was driving since i tend to get a bit of road rage (or so he says) and i sat back and directed him on where to turn etc. we got to our exit and made the appropriate turns and there she was....self park...on the righthand side of the road woot i said "scott theres the self park. pull on in there and well park and walk to the theater" i was feeling so proud of myself.
then labelled each of the capital cities. meanwhile i printed out a sheet of labels for all of the captial cities and placed them in our math treasure box.
“this chicken can do more than math” stated ibis now staring at the chicken with wide eyes and not a small amount of fear. he knew at that moment that he had seen this chicken somewhere before but for the life of him he could not remember how or when.
"danger will robinson" because i hate household projects.
andrew dewaard university of british columbia. miseensynergy and soundscapes
i planned to get out there this week but was hit with a whammy of a springcold. once again working out has been put on hold. tomorrow i think i will head out to fusion fitness for a change of pace before i jump into my next round of marathon training. we will see how i feel. right now i just feel like i am getting flabby...
don’t drop the ball keep it in play
just because we are ‘everyday folks’ doesn’t mean we can’t help she says.
dannie richmond (drums) don pullen (piano)
for now printing out my blog is just a fantastic family journal and i love it
. bumpin on sunset wes mongomery 
"i want my children to have all the things i couldnt afford. then i want to move in with them." phyllis diller
sir adrian said ‘the private rental sector has gone through a period of rapid growth and it’s crucial that the government does all it can to ensure that demand continues to be met. i aim to help remove barriers to investment contributing to the continuing health of a sector that millions of people rely on.’
this is partially my fault for not keeping up with my foamrolling and pt exercises and partly just the way the cookie crumbles when you move up in mileage. so what can i do about this at this late stage in my training?
disaster that is fated to happen.
earthly possessions when one of them stumbled across it. it was
the drawings in theory nicely set off the noisy wet sculpture installations but really did nothing. they were bland and refined in such a way as to be gallery fluff. seeing the completed and much more captivating fountains is enough. we don’t need sketches. the gallery of drawings was aptly and humorously referred to as “the gift shop” in the bad at sports podcast review. it is understandable why the gallery would have the drawings up. the gallery of drawings was superfluous and only distracted from the main focus of the exhibition.
there’s nothing like racing down the ski slopes icycold air rushing past your face and having the freedom to turn curve jump and go where you want to go. i can do it all day sunrise to sunset. if you’ve never gone skiing or snowboarding before don’t worry. it’ll only take you a few days to learn and from there you’re able to enjoy the magnificent winter sport.
last year in the buildup to bersih . the situation was tense there were numerous reports of government threats and warnings of weapons found of people clad in yellow tshirt arrested. even the king himself stepped in at one stage.
burning bright
ukranian isolation
well i’m in the embroidery business. i work for a small sports shop in miami that embroiders sportswear for local high schools and universities. i’ve been working there for over years and am extremely happy with what i do. it’s a nice creative outlet. i’m also a mother to three children turned adults a wife (married for years) a daughter sister and grandma. in my free time i like to scour the internet for new crafty ideas and finish the projects i have already started.
when my dad got back from his walk this morning my mom was confused. she doesnt know what day of the week it is or that they are going to conference next week in ct. she doesnt know where my brother lives or the name of her grandchild. she keeps asking my dad the same questions.
that can’t be so difficult can it?
finishing screnzy feels weird. i feel just as weird as i did after finishing nanowrimo i’ve spent about a month working on something and then it’s just done. alright not completely done because i plan to edit it. i keep feeling like i really need to work on it as if i haven’t yet met my pagecount goal by the required date. but i have. i just did.
today’s prompt is to tell a story. you can tell a story you know a story from your own life a madeup story a story about somebody you know etc. use photos or drawings or images to convey your meaning. or use your words to tell your story. or a combination of things.
seriously give a medical vocabulary test to my class and fans of trauma life in the er and the couch potatoes would kick the students collective ass. i shudder to think of the timidity and shaky hands of my classmates when we practice drawing blood on each other. sure everybodys got to learn but the fear and lack of enthusiasm is kinda depressing.
next add the leaves wash and cut up the basil and lettuce... usually i dont use lettuce for this salad especially the zero nutritious iceberg but i had some in my fridge. make sure to chop it extra small. if you use lettuce i would recommend spinach.
. dont start a collection for the child before the child has a desire to collect. it can get out of hand quickly. also the very young child doesnt appreciate dolls anymore than doll. same with dvds. kids like repetition so take advantage and just get a few dvds until they start to notice and want them. then you can add dvds at the holidays slowly so they can appreciate them more.
oh my goodness i cannot believe i have not been on my computer for a full week this has been one busy week my daughter is graduating from high school on tuesday and we held her graduation party yesterday. so it has been a week of cleaning and planning. it was a great time and i am very proud of my daughter
the first half is like watching a trailer it’s super fast. the problem is it’s so fast that i can’t feel a thing. i waited for it to grow but it didn’t.
i am wondering how these visits are going to go. i told you before that my mom wants to attend times a week i attend times and jared attends times.. now that my aunt is getting all scheduled for her first visit…she is getting
"lyrical resonant fables which always point back to the primacy of family friends love location food and music. at once modern and mythic her series deserves as much space as it can command of daydream nations shrinking bookshelves."
 executing checkinstall script.
cube of dry yeast melted in warm water
your efforts must be genuine with . established goals. one of the great differentiators for businesses in social media is the degree to which they hone an online personality. if communications are one dimensional and devoid of interesting content people will be unlikely to engage with you.
there is no further information known or that can be divulged about the soundboard source for the lyceum track.
we hiked up to the temple in the cold and passed a very important bridge. around the temple there are camillia trees big bushy trees with perennial dark green leaves and red flowers that bloom either in spring autumn or winter. we saw some chubaek (autumn bloomers). in the middle of the temple there is a persimmons tree that i was told is “only for the bird’s snack.” there are some very large golden buddhas inside and incredible old paintings on the walls mostly of dragons. it was explained to me that the buddhists originated the term “samulnori” and the sitting style of playing these instruments is very new. the traditional korean style is to march or stand while others dance with head ribbons.
after that i was given the ability to look at someone’s loyalty card. i picked brent mainly because the admiral (mink) had already been checked i didn’t really think andrew or parker were cylons as they’d done nothing suspicious and checking frank’s loyalty card would be less useful since he like me also got two to start so i’d have a shot of maybe picking his ‘you are a cylon” card if he even had one. i also picked brent because he has a tendency to be a super sketchy player in general and his first act in the game is always to try to gain the presidency.
i guess that incident is one of the main reasons why i don’t like meeting people. you think you know a person but you can never really know them until you see how they are in real life.
the rookie (wikipedia) is the true story of a texas man named jim morris who after going against a disapproving father gets a chance to pitch for a major league baseball team. unfortunately he tears his shoulder up and resigns himself to accepting that his lifelong dream is over. years later at the ripe old age of he’s working as a high school science teacher head baseball coach and pitching to his kids to help them get better. then in an effort to motivate his team he accepts their challenge for him to try out for the majors again if they can win their district and make the state playoffs
for our inaugural bbq we grilled burgers. not to be forgotten sweet red onions drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with kosher salt.
what is that which the
with a sense of loss
the agent was at a loss for words.
rubin calls this “being gretchen” so simple but such good advice …be yourself do what you enjoy and don’t feel bad about it it is your life not a dress rehearsal.
i have never forgotten how much snow i lived in and through back then. how cold it was. how the world didnt bloom for so many months of the year.
to my fingertips
by this point the story had exploded. the suspiciously timed release of the mcfadyen email led brodhead to demand coach mike pressler’s resignation. the latter act of course could not be seen as consistent with an administration devoted to upholding the presumption of innocence for its students.
since the danish elections of when the current ruling party gained power denmark’s welfare policies for immigrants have remained strict and uninviting by european standards. denmark has an immigrant population but it is not growing and muslim immigrants from other parts of europe do not find it an attractive destination.
i then asked them to estimate how many times they’d have to fold a piece of paper to fill the playing field. then i let them loose. most of them figured out you have to at least measure the playing field and at least half the groups came up with a measurement that was reasonably accurate.
“i have no idea and i don’t want to know if they are” i told her. this was a bit rude but i really needed to convey my disinterest in the subject.
i dont wanna be like you
exploitation
for a portion of the hearing clarke stood in front of the jury and demonstrated how she said hataway tried to kill her. she put her hands around an assistant state attorney’s throat and said “he wouldn’t let go of me.”
the manhattan district attorneys office has filed suit against the new york state independence party for failing to return hundreds of thousands of dollars allegedly stolen from mayor michael bloomberg as part of a sham election day ballot security operation. da raps indie party in $m mikeelex theft (nyp) * suit suggests political party knew of fraud a suit by the manhattan district attorney says the independence party may have helped cover up a scheme to steal $. million from mayor michael r. bloomberg’s latest reelection campaign. (nyt) * trying haggerty “there is ample evidence to believe all of the defendants made attempts to hide the evidence of the crimes and conceal the fact that the funds contributed by the mayor had not been used as originally intended” the da’s office asserted. (new york post) * prosecuting haggerty “we respectfully tried to give it back to mayor bloomberg and they declined to take it” mr. mackay said thursday. asked why the party was willing to return the money to the mayor and not the district attorney mr. mackay said “he gave it to us.” (wall street journal)
click on one of the icons on your computer screen and it takes you to the site it represents. the icon is a link to that site. but it is possible for the link to be broken and when you click on it you don’t get to the desired site.
windows were clean until a huge wind storm hit us last week...fudge...
“then he threw his arms around his brother benjamin and wept and benjamin embraced him weeping” (genesis ). “they all wept as they embraced him and kissed him. what grieved them most was his statement that they would never see his face again. then they accompanied him to the ship. after we had torn ourselves away from them we put out to sea and sailed straight to cos” (acts ). “the brothers there had heard that we were coming and they traveled as far as the forum of appius and the three taverns to meet us. at the sight of these men paul thanked god and was encouraged” (acts ).
the use of those hexagon rosettes appliqued to the background is very british although we also see some examples in american quilts.
jesus says that he is the good shepherd; he knows his sheep and his sheep know him and he will lay down his life to protect them. he says he has other sheep which are not of this sheep pen and he must go and get them. there shall be one flock and one shepherd. jesus obliquely tells the crowd that he will eventually be killed and raised back to life “i lay down my life for the sheep. … only to take it up again. no one takes it from me but i lay it down of my own accord. i have authority to lay it down and authority to take it back up again. this command i received from my father.” the jews are divided hearing this. some of them accuse jesus of being both demonpossessed and raving mad but others remember jesus miraculously healing a man who had been blind from birth only the day before and say that no person possessed by a demon could have done such a miraculous thing.
are.
im working on some more labels for saintly food right now so hopefully ill post those for yall tomorrow. im so excited that all saints day is almost here )
 new york gets its first fm rock music station in worfm. while i doubt this fact makes the show expect a soundtrack heavily laced with sweat and reverb. (or perhaps laced with something more tangible?)
plurality
today is the last day of march which means it will be a busy day. the last and the first days of the month always are. i have lots of little things i have to attend to today. hopefully by this evening that will include a shop update with all of these pretties ive been teasing you with this past week
i am he which searcheth the reins and hearts and i will give unto every one of you according to your works. rev. 
i call it working mom curse...
. mornings at work (they are just too good)
aftertaste () sweet malt with some pepper notes in the finish. still some metallic flavors. points
below is a copy of the application that you can print and fill out to bring to your interview click on application to view fullscreen.
at this point dr. john reynolds the president of corpus christi college of oxford a leader of the puritan side in the church of england and one of the greatest scholars of his day proposed a new translation of the bible into english. king james responded warmly to this suggestion because he despised the then popular geneva bible. the king was troubled by the often revolutionary margin notes of the geneva bible which spoke extensively against corrupt and immoral kings. king james ordered that a single translation that the whole nation could rely on "to be read in the whole church" should be produced by of the nations finest language scholars and he approved rules for carefully checking the results including no marginal notes at all to be effected but only for the explanation of the hebrew or greek words and to draw attention to parallel passages.
like tressel scarlet was also born three months premature and needed special care. emilie felt grateful to provide it especially as the anniversary of tressel’s death arrived. “when a year came up” she says her voice breaking “we had a baby to hold again.” they had planned to visit tressel’s grave in findlay but instead spent the anniversary with scarlet in the hospital.
this is not just a religious war this is a fight for human rights
let us set the scene. i’d said a sad farewell to my travelling buddies of the last two months after a wonderfully relaxing few days in goa where we did nothing but eat sleep and attempt to absorb more of those deliciously harmful sun rays. when i stepped off the plane in delhi i was alone for the first time in a long while and i really noticed the absence of my friends. suddenly i was unable to make all those wonderfully witty comments that made them love my company so much (no sarcasm whatsoever. you know the witticisms i’m talking about) – instead i was thrust cruelly into a hotel room and expected to sleep there by myself? the mind boggles. but i managed to cope; mainly thanks to the inclusion of a tv mounted on the wall opposite the bed with which i found i could happily while away my time with harry potter and bridget jones. although bridget’s drunken ‘allll by myselfffff’ was certainly preying on my mind somewhat. where were all the people? i needed to have a conversation dammit
attendees can go to anywhere from to workshops (the pre and postconference workshops cost extra are included in the cost of attending) and they are categorized into familyaregiver faithbased and professional. a preconference and regular workshop are held on friday afternoonvening and two workshops plus the postconference workshop are held on a saturday.
. wild caught mahi mahi $.b. at sunflower (through )
wednesday we had dinner at andrews parents house with his aunt uncle & cousins who we dont get to see very often but who are my very favourite aunt & uncle in law. we had barbecued pork chops & salads & everything was delicious & then we had a yogurt pie that my mother in law made for dessert.
i love ina gartens recipes...im hooked on her show too...for mothers day i was given her back to basics cookbook. i see more cooking in my future....
responding to questions about how our local hospitals are performing or indeed under performing senior local health professionals recently told the committee i chair that there were good partnerships in place – as if this answered the question they didn’t have the nitty gritty at their finger tips. that is a telling sign.
today....
there are countless universities across the country offering environmental studies sciences and engineering programs. salaries start in the mid $ range and average about $ for engineers and scientists and $ for technologists. while kevin says postgraduate work is not necessary to find a job he maintains it’s important to pick an undergraduate program that isn’t too general in its sweep of environmental subject matter.
there is nothing like a speeding train to test you photographing skills. this picture shows how much i still have to learn but it is a great one ‘distorted’
if you had the choice where would you live
through this process i am hoping that god will show me which turns to take and which ones to avoid. right now that is all i can hope for.
sorry for the pops and crackles at the start of "shake hands with the devil" by the way. they do clear up after the first few seconds.
argentine president cristina fernández de kirchner had earlier ruled out any possibility of military action saying that her country would pursue talks at the un and negotiate sovereignty with the uk.
oh the joys of year old boy questions. so i told him "no they put it in her triangle." he was satisfied with that answer. he wont have to take any health class by the time we are done with explaining how the birds and the bees work with all of our animals.
alan ehrenhalt was the executive editor of governing magazine from to . his new book is the great inversion and the future of the american city.
one of my alltime favorite bands
sal x
i believe that everyone has a purpose. its the thing you do best and that best expresses who you are. its not always what you feel like doing or what most needs doing its what you feel compelled or "called" to do from somewhere deep inside.
in this order or the order described in your breadmaker manual place in your breadmaker
a photojournalist in theory and photographers please chime in if i’m wrong will capture the moments of the day and not have people pose for them. you won’t be recreating your cake cutting or bouquet toss the photographer will have captured it as it was happening.
the card base is krafty and i used just some red for matting the main layer. i added some olive seam binding ribbon and a little tag with some twine. the peace word comes in our holiday sentiments set but this stamp actually comes with the sending winter hugs sentiment as well and the whole thing is only $ lastly i added some stardust stickles to sparkle him up
i said "waitress tonight i know hate.
so let me leave the last word to donald westlake on the lead up to christmas. this paragraph is rather apt as i survey the year because the word ‘family’ should be viewed in the widest possible context 
as anyone who knows me or who reads this blog regularly knows im not the worlds biggest fan of the trade associations clubs and their awards. although i know members who are smashing individuals i generally find the clubs and awards a bit stuffy selfcongratulatory and insular.
residents of a small town intexashave filed a petition to gain the depositions of a liquor store. this particular store may have sold alcohol illegally to minors; minors that later died in a drunk driving accident. on september three minors were killed in this car accident. the driver of the car had surpassed the legal blood alcohol limit.
if nothing else going to the y six days a week and twice monday and tuesday reminds me “i ain’t here for a long time; i’m here for a good time.”
cinco de mayo is saturday. we’ve got wild plans. i’m running one of those crazy mud runs in the morning. the kind where you subject yourself to militant type challenges and recover by running as fast as you can to the next barbaric task. it sounded way more appealing months ago. jon’s probably doing this again.
 vine street
like i said he was brutal.
suddenly the door opens and shredder smith appears.
the light has seared the surface
like everyone else i like to dress fashionably and frankly have not given it much thought. jessica wolfendale and jeanette kennett have and the result is an interesting book fashion—philosophy for everyone ($. wileyblackwell softcover). this is not one of your usual fashion books on what’s hot and what’s not. it is a serious look at the subject by two scholars an assistant professor of philosophy at west virginia university and a professor of moral psychology at macquarie university in sydney australia. together they explore the strong connection between fashion and the aesthetic of an era the difference between the servile and sensible fashionista the politics of individual style and fashion choices and much more. it is a book for the intellectual fashionista and believe it or not a lot of fun to read. what i know about woman’s fashion you could put in a bug’s ear but fortunately dr. jennifer baumgartner a practicing clinical psychologist and wardrobe consultant has written a book to help the fashionchallenged in time for the new spring line. you are what you wear what your clothes reveal about you ($. da capo press softcover) provides insights into the way your choices reflect inner struggles fears desires and dream. her book’s nine chapters diagnose nine distinct shopping complaints and wardrobe mistakes from failing to dress one’s age to being a slave to labels. for anyone who approaches the purchase of new clothes either buying and spending too much or with a certain sense of dread this is definitely the book to read
“well the dr. said it was supposed to be tomorrow.”
hello and happy friday today im sharing some quick and easy valentines cards that i created for my daughters party at preschool. the full instructions with measurements can be found at the bottom of the post in case you would like to whip up some yourself.
if you want to write your representatives i included the text of the letter i sent here. notably if you live in northern san diego then both your state senator and representative (christine kehoe and nathan fletcher) are running for mayor of san diego. make it clear to them that how they vote on the parks issue will affect whether you vote for them for mayor.
i wish i could send something to everyone who entered my unbirthday giveaway. thank you to all of you who take the time to read my blog and comment. i know you just want to know who won ;) so without further ado heres what the random.org gods decided
deputy chief of staff for army intelligence (’’)
her heart beat through her chest as a new compartment exploded into existence behind her brain. silence was no longer an option. she gasped and wept and laughed all at once with a resounding burp that suprised those around her into giggles. why didn’t they get it? it was too much for her everything much to loud and nothing much too quiet. she squirmed in her seat and her eyes wiggled at the walls which were dancing the hula. the tv blared classical music accompanied by an old cartoon and she saw the characters look at her and point. they were suprised that she could see them. she smiled and felt like everything would be okay.
one thing evident by these before shots were lazy. very very lazy.
and it made me laugh
i pass mrs marr her bag of cat food as she opens her front door. "now you have a nice day ok. and if you’re lucky i might just go to bingo with you one of these days”
i had to change two diapers and give an assist to the potty trained one...
i think we can expect more of this kind of behavior.
i need a small break. whew
. yusufali "go back to them and be sure we shall come to them with such hosts as they will never be able to meet we shall expel them from there in disgrace and they will feel humbled (indeed)."
but the words they say rankle and rankle knocking about in my head with a knife to my throat. i never forget what they said or how those words make me feel..
i think michelle obama knows that shed damned if she does and damned if she doesnt so shes decided to be herself. that honesty is the only way they can take the battle to the people and possibly succeed. for me her midwestern sensibilities are what i appreciate most about her. if she didnt remind me of so many of my "sistafriends" in her manner and the way that she carries herself i think id have issues with her and barack obama.
so yesterday on the counselortalk listserv im a member of a high school counselor sends out a request (a plea actually). she has a senior girl who wants to go to the prom. she is a plus size girl wears a size cant afford a dress and cant find one at the stores. i make some long distance phone calls to the nearby city she is in. i call lane bryant a clothing store for plus size women. they dont sell prom dresses. i call jc penny. they have plenty of prom dressesin junior sizes. the largest they have is a . so i call two numbers for the specialty store davids bridals. both numbers are disconnected. it kills me to think this girl cant get a dress. oh and did i mention that the request came on thursday and the prom is on saturday? yeah well i thought about that girl all night long.
to bicker down a valley.
click the image below to download the plan.
nose oak engine oil a little dry sherry orange cola caramels.
and note that hayek one of the great inspirations of neoliberalism did in his later years come to the the profoundly conservative and burkean conclusion that human society is too complex to be modelled by anyone or be well described by any theory. as it says here
be safe stay out of harm’s way
what would you tell someone who thought they weren’t “fit” enough to come to a barre nne class? the environment at barre nne® is completely nonjudgemental. i have yet to meet anyone who felt like they were being judged when they walked through our doors. everyone is so supportive of each other not just our instructors but our clients too. sometimes i just step back and listen to the conversations in the waiting room and it makes me so happy and proud. these women really care about each other and are always motivating one another. (i’m actually getting teary eyed writing this) seriously though the only thing i can say is to come and try a class and i promise you will not feel judged at all. it just does not happen i would never tolerate it.
 mystics
about brammo
"hmm maybe i need to work harder to convince you of the wisdom of my plan."
qinghua
“success comes when you can look in the mirror and you like what’s looking back” orman says. “you’re proud of what you’ve created. you’re proud of what you’re doing even if it doesn’t give you a financial reward and nobody buys it. you’re proud of yourself.”
one of my fiercest fights has always been for personal liberty and the biggest concern being laws that destroy it because once taken away personal liberty never returns. gay marriage laws seat belt laws helmet laws…these might please special interests but they are bad laws. the government is supposed to protect me from others not from myself.
tbsp ginger (chopped)
so what would be a better choice?
water or orange juice or a light syrup of your making ( basically a sugar water mix the more sugar the heavier the syrup). i prefer a lite sugar water to a syrup as it helps the oranges taste fresher.
"how long before i can
after nearly a month home from china connie is still home with the girls while i have returned to work though my boss might argue with that description of my activities there and rightfully so. my thoughts are rarely focused enough right now on my work topics to be as productive as i need to be. but i realize that with passage of time and the maturing of our new larger family ill gradually begin to reacquaint myself with work. austin is back in school and his geometry class is keeping both him and me more busy than it ought to. we actually had to develop a schedule just to keep up with the homework and special projects the girls well lets just say that they keep connie busier than we imagined and certainly more than any of us thought. she needs more of my help too.
the amount of storage available is said to be at least gb which microsoft was tasked to handle the server for this service. they might be offering more than gb because google drive is aiming to give out gb of free storage space.
i know. i’m one of them.
* exclude
gordon lightfoot circle of steel
some amendments to oneyear visa requirements are going to change things for missionaries in russia as well as for other foreigners here with the same kind of visa.
we seem to have been sucked into the camp bastion triangle for the past few days just waiting to find a way out of this groundhog series of events that each morning brings us.
my friend jason has recently been telling me about a book called the spirit level by richard wilkinson. coincidentally data from this book also turned up in ill fares the land tony judts polemical book on social democracy which i bought last year in one of my favourite london bookshops.
* techniques (usingpinking sheers hand stitching making puffy accents)
the liberal elites — mainline churches universities elements of the media labor leaders — have been complicit in these sad developments. unable to ameliorate the naked selfinterest of financial and corporate elites they have clung to their own small privileges while no longer serving a useful role. they simply do not deliver for the broad population as they used to do and in failing to do so they have become despised by many in the working and middle classes. as chris hedges puts it
i know not all of us are married. maybe were married and we dont have the marriage we would like. maybe we hope to be married again or to meet "the one" or maybe we love the single life. despite where we are in our relationships i know we all have people we love. hearing pollys joy and perspective and hearing her tell funny stories after being in so much emotional pain through the years makes me realize that despite the intense hurt we may feel at times the sun really will come out tomorrow.
remember politics in developing countries as it is in advanced capitalist countries is about redistribution. if you are a politician and you can’t taxubsidiseegulate your way to give your followers ‘stuff’ what do you do? according to khan you grab the stuff and give it your followers.
who is rick mercer? he’s a canadian comedian who convinced many americans to state idiotic and ignorant things about canada on camera including famous professors and george w. bush who we all know wasn’t the sharpest knife in the drawer. you can wiki him if you’re very curious or watch “talking with americans” on youtube. httpen.wikipedia.orgikialkingtoamericans
yet president obama – visibly not a blackskinned person – is called ‘black’ as a term of respect.
you need to be able to keep spirits high towards the end of the week. people realise the end is starting to get near and their holiday shall soon be drawing to an end. the last day where you are driving back to where you started you can almost feel the coach being drawn inwards by the minds of returning to a usual life. having to cook and clean and do everything as usual not being waited on hand and foot like their holiday.
him great. noon. mexican place uphill.
for health & safety professionals seeking opportunities in exploration & production please contact ron.nickelson@clovergs.com.
a few things happened in the last week or so that have caused me to pause think and then remain silent. it has taken years for me to realize that a knee jerk response should not be vocalized. and unfortunately although the lesson has been heard it still isn’t always heeded. maybe that’s why i love the written word. overzealous reactions can be edited out later when the head is cooler and i think i’m calm enough now. but before i get to the situation i’m obviously still avoiding let me give you a few examples of how my vocal skills have created problems in the past.
i spoke with hub more about it and we do have to put the kids first. a place where they can stay for a long time be with their friends play in their sports and activities and enjoy being in one place.
a piece to a very old game... im thinking from or so...
coup de torchon (france) directed by bertrand tavernier
a article in forbes magazine online referenced kfc’s and chambord’s jump into activities to support breast cancer awareness and the companies’ lack of authenticity in doing so. appropriately questioning the intent of kfc and chambord forbes wanted to know what fried chicken and liquor have in common with breast cancer. (see what i mean about the need to choose a cause whereby your target audience understands a clear connection between the cause and your company’s brand?)
ok i’ll start by answering some questions…
him yes remember you had a glass with breakfast?
optus has lost an appeal brought by the nrl afl and telstra before the full bench of the federal court of australia (“fca”).
firstly the version that is pushed to vmat (supposedly from master branch) either takes too long to load or does not actually work at all (gave up waiting after minutes).
my daughter unlike most children is fascinated by a secondary character. unlike the vast majority of readers who dream vicariously of being like the eponymous antihero playing tricks on teachers and getting up to all sorts of mischief my little girl worships henrys brother perfect peter. hes a nauseously polite irritatingly pleasant aryan youthstyle sanctimonious little sod.
over here in smug sell towers we created our own little bubble where common sense rules and powerpoint is outlawed. however we know that this isnt the case for everybody. so in an attempt to help redress the balance we are fighting fire with with fire. we are creating a body of charts to illustrate common sense. were sorry it has come to this. but here we are. here. anyway now the smart people of advertising and marketing can fight the bullshitters and nonsensetalkers with their own charts. a chartoff if you will. published under the banner of the centre for common fucking sense in marketing or cofsim for short (a stupid nonsensey name to confuse the bullshitters).
i realize it may not last. it is only march and this kind of weather usually doesnt arrive until late april... or late may... but boy is it nice while its here
but just so yall know.
hello folks i’m on a journey and mission to bring my music to the world. i hope you will subscribe and join in on the adventure with me. so far this year my track ”she blew me away” made it into the international songwriter competition as a semi finalist out of great songs submitted also from around the world she blew me away was picked. i’m over the moon with that. i’ve also had the pleasure of being interviewed on one of north east hottest radio stations near fm with presenter and host of the show ”relaxation room” colm marren.
and of zion it shall be said this and that man was born in her and the highest himself shall establish her.
i sure hope this photographs well enough because this is now one of my favorite spots in the house.
i like to forage mostly in green open spaces across london although recently discovering new treasures at the bottom of my own garden. but i have also been known to forage in other peoples kitchen cupboards ferreting out interesting tins and jars that have languished forgotten gathering dust and exceeding their useby dates.
may be i will take a rebirth on some other planets explore all gold and minerals before others find it…..
when the chicken is cooked turn off the crock pot. boil the potatoes in water for about minutes then add them to the crock pot and stir to cover the potatoes in the sauce.
emails and phone calls that aren’t answered promptly will probably never be answered at all.
martial canterel cities of ash
as i said mathematical equations is not my field but i can tell you it involves the revolving angles of the double pyramid which when calculated with precision comes to . the top pyramid represents our natural self dimensions the bottom one represents the mirror worlds. the point at the very epicentre is deemed as zero point and is the gateway to other dimensions beyond our universe.
bar hemingway tshirt
 rubyparaffin (red snapper mix)
i really think i need to switch those two stars it is really bugging me lol.
chal port won games and seven southern conference championships at the citadel but the opening paragraph on any story about his career at the military college always prominently includes that squad and justifiably so. at the time longtime clemson coach bill wilhelm said he didn’t know of “a lowerbudget team to go to the college world series” and he wasn’t being patronizing in any way.
i hope everyone is having a good day. i had the chance to play a little more with my new machine and so far i have to say i love it it cuts so nice)
collc () introductory indonesian cr
. i still have a $ postdated check that my mechanic will cash on the first and a $ check that the good ex will cash tomorrow coming out of tomorrow’s paycheck but…
talking about my beautiful babies....
instead i decided to give it a try to bake my own scones and not just any ordinary scones.. they were savoury onion scones. you might cringe by just thinking? however its not heavily infused with onion taste. well i think i am suppose to used chives; but i ended up using large white onion sweating the onions saute it for a bit and adding some dried mix herbs. it just have the right hint of buttery onion taste and goes perfectly with boursin cream cheese sour cream and onion dip curry chicken or even on its own. yes folks there are endless ways to eat this ultra fluffy and light savoury onion scones.
things are not bad yet however it seems like i am trying hard to make them go that way. my man is kind and shows me every day how much he loves me and somehow i find something wrong something to create a fight over. he truly is a manentleman in every sense of the word. he has morals and values and passions and shows me that i am important to him. i know how lucky i am and i don’t want to ruin it so what in my brain causes me to destroy good things? don’t i think i deserve to be happy? this is killing me and could possibly kill my relationship if i don’t get a grip. i have to figure this out before i destroy something that could be actually is great.
“hi.” addison tried to keep her voice calm as she gritted her teeth. she was very angry about catching christian with another woman and hearing him flirting with her made her blood boil. “i just called but my call didn’t go through can you try for me again?”
till you spend half your life just covering up
. eugene city is actually rogue which bought the brewery in and was formerly west brothers but was not actually formerly the brewery established in as the label claims.
we also insist that it was the lord jesus christ who ordered the departure for that which we read in galatians . “for i neither received it of man neither was i taught it but by the revelation of jesus christ.” he was not told by peter nor any other of the twelve apostles to go out of jerusalem. he was not taught by any of those apostles what his message should be as he preached to the gentiles.
the warning
 we are all in our earlyidate s and our s are looming ominously large.
well i didnt realize he still wouldnt be in to paint yet??
. right sides together pin interior piece to exterior piece ensuring handles are both tucked neatly toward the center. using a " seam allowance stitch around all sides leaving a " opening on one long side.
viddy has most recently become known as “the instagram of video.” this easy to use app allows users to capture a video instantly edit it with music and video then share them on social media sites like facebook and twitter. while instagram has become increasingly popular and has aided in providing the importance of images in social media viddy goes a step further with the addition of motion and sound. this service is great for clients who wish to capture real life moments and share them with consumers and is great for adding even more personality to a virtual presence. viddy is currently available as an app in itunes and to view on their website. an android version is set to release later this year.
we recently received information that muthoot broadcasting pvt. ltd. which owns the english music radio station – ‘chennai live’ . had moved the copyright board back in april of this year questioning the right of ppl to collect royalties for the public performance of u.s. sound recordings.
so my challenge for you dear reader is to create your own self portrait in an unusual object. be it kettle car window or chrome your mission is to capture your reflection (and hopefully share it with me).
snack big glass of white wine ( fruit)
well thank you for your patience and diligence if you read this whole tutorial. hopefully i got it posted in time for you to be able to read the whole thing and still have time to watch the celebrity apprentice tonight. *wink*
its the th time for a sneaky peek of next months set for my card today i used the new avocado style borders and sentiments februarys set; wishes & kind thoughts and marchs set; springtime celebrations.
first wife margaret (who he married in ) died
before dinner you can wander the grounds. there were some hawaiians making various crafts as well as photographers taking photos that you can purchase as a souvenir although we received a coupon for a complimentary photograph. when the time came many gathered around the "imu" (underground oven) to watch the unearthing of the kalua pig. with it one of the men explained the preparation of the pig and the luau.
i’m happy lest i forget
when we come together again we will speak about the healing angels and how their work is fulfilled. god bless yourselves.
speaking of pictures...the picture above is a perfect example of why im always the one behind the lens and not in front.
in my novel none of my female pov characters have children. all of them can match male crew members in physical roles. they are not subservient to men. the ship’s commander and chief engineer are both women. seven out of the eleven crew members are women. as a result i am writing the women a lot more like men.
might it have been when it began again i ask myself.
and to you and i looking out the window might not be anything new.
there may be discrimination but that cuts across racial religious and ethnic lines she said. american law and culture "has gone probably farther than anywhere else in the world in trying to guarantee legal protections for people."
as helen unlocks the secrets of her ancestry she realizes that some myths are more than just legend. but even demigod powers might not be enough to defy the forces that are both drawing her and lucas togetherand trying to tear them apart.
this site is a gold mine for brands targeting women in this demographic. here are some ways this site can benefit using this new social networking site
“it was good to see you up close again old man.” the sound of his voice wavers against the other noise filling these streets. by concentrating some more i hear him more clearly. “that reporter’s disguise of yours isn’t entirely a disguise anymore is it? the skintight suit isn’t quite as flattering as it used to be and there are a couple of wrinkles that weren’t there before. you’re not running as hot as you used to are you?”
unfortunately the backs do not feature the backs we all know and love. and the cards are made from that same slick crap that has plagued the topps base set for the last decade. but i appreciate the thought by topps and am trying to collect as many as i can. i owe it to my yearold self.
just made tea and toasted orangecranberry bread in this lovely kitchen. its so wonderful to stay somewhere new clean and uncluttered as opposed to old ehhh and cluttered. theres even a teeny dishwasher
part of the frontline episode
“one of the two or three best literary critics in america. to virtually any book leonard can apply intellect and language without sacrificing either.”—time
naturally having read the book i decided to see the movies. i started with the original swedish version not just because it was released first but also because i tend to enjoy the original foreign versions of such films better than the american remakes. i thought the swedish version was fairly well done and given the shortcomings of filmmaking i dont think it was a big deal that they changed so many details. i didnt like the movie as much as the book but that is to be expected.
as i purchased my first home i was kind of excited. inviting friends and family over as if i just had a newborn. it’s sort of similar in many ways yet of course different as well. slowly i realized what was never told to me.
i guess now the only question left is whether i thought the class was worth it. let me be clear that disregarding the cost i thought the class was pretty interesting. i may not have learned anything as far as baking technique goes but getting to ask liz and her assistant questions was pretty useful. on top of that we got to sample some of their cupcakes as she made them and eating small cupcakes is never a bad thing. however the cost is pretty high so its not easy to disregard it. id say that as a gift its really cool. if it was just me looking to do something though i probably wouldnt do it again since i could put that money towards something else like the awesome beer dinner i went to a few weeks ago. maybe their evening classes are better as far as cost to value ratio goes but i dont know. in the end if you dont mind spending the money just go and enjoy yourself forget how much it cost and youll be better off.
for buses don’t run frequently or fast
and they had a full rack of cheddar sour cream.
when a work of fine art is sold at an auction or by a gallery dealer broker museum or other person acting as the agent for the seller the agent shall withhold percent of the amount of the sale locate the artist and pay the artist.
just begun
tal
taryn hodgson
i didnt have a recipe i just worked with what i had. it was tasty and easy and definitely a good twist on just using plain ol chuck.
another cycle going on behind the scenes here but that is nonetheless product of the same processes is the formationelting of the ice caps and the riseall of sea levels. the implications of rising sea level could mean any number of things from an excess of methane released from the ice caps and thus an acceleration of global warming to more sporadic and dangerous weather (for humans).
 am first alarm goes off hit the snooze button
ill keep all yall posted on the progress..because being the good blogger that i am...of course i will be taking a " break" from what ever chore i am in the middle of....blogging can sometimes be a better diversion than tv.
i am not going to bend down and ask my almosttwoyearold if he wants a nap. no? okay lets play then.
im so very glad this past weekend is over. my significant others family had a family reunion which we were in charge of on saturday and i had an open house to start my thirtyone business on sunday. too much going on for one weekend the only good thing is that my house is really clean now and all my lovely fall decorations are out.
ethan wingfield (rep) .% 
sam let out the breath she hadnt realized shed been holding. gripping the handrail she climbed hearing the soft footfalls of abby and their father behind her. the staircase groaned as they went higher and higher. sam fought to keep her head clear and willed herself not to look down. shed never been a fan of heights. three years ago theyd gone on holiday to toronto and up in the cn tower abby had jumped around on the glass floor laughing while sam hovered in the corner trying not to puke.
i plead guilty too. when i took my firstborn to one of her routine checkups another monthold also a girl was in the waiting room with her mum. this other girl was crawling all over the place at breathtaking speed and grabbing at anything and anyone in sight to lift herself up and try to walk whereas my girl who had rehearsed a few halfhearted attempts at rolling and dragging herself on her tummy a few months earlier and soon given up was doing what she did best at the time which was sitting there on the floor and enjoying the show. my eyes glued to the little acrobat and i became instantly unsettled. what was wrong with my baby? why wasn’t she moving at this late age?
we were ready to move on....we were ready to end the chapter of apartheid and start a new one...
you can grab the badge from my blog here and go over there as fast as you can
however it is funny that a challenge from dawkins should result in this kind of evidence being brought up. because even if all of one hundred or more different traditions concord with a rather recent creation and an even more recent flood there is exactly one that gives a semblance of a somewhat realistic timeline of generations from creation on to times and persons whose historicity even dawkins does not dispute. it is of course the hebrew one. it is extant in mainly three versions unless you would call the araboislamic a fourth one. and these are the samaritan judaicvulgate and septuagint versions of genesis which differ on how many years passed between the creation and the flood. plus after flood the genealogy between noah and abraham then up to jacob and his sons and some grandsons in genesis. then there are some genealogies not found in the five books of moses but found in paralipomenon about what happened between judah son of jacob and king david genealogically speaking. and i suppose kings david and solomon are counted as historical even by dawkins although they were there before there was a latin tongue when ero was still eso when vocari was vocasei and so on.
it is understood that the property was bought by smurfit which is also the present leaseholder. it is also understood that there were two further bids for the property which fell considerably short of the settled purchase price.
me yes they would’ve been lovelier if someone had bought them for me (hint hint)
the mask i wear is one
he also had two children with deborah
casting a golden glow on the beautiful ornate bed
on one level i wasn’t surprised to hear that. i knew cognitively that she had that kind of personality. but emotionally? i hadn’t really believed it. it caught me off guard to hear she was that big a problem in the wards as well.
now for hopefully good news.....
i bought some cool flowers to put in our front yard where we dug out a big bush last season but have been so lazy and not wanted to go out and plant them yet. which i am so happy that i didn’t because it snowed today and will continue to do so all weekend. so moral of the story being lazy pays off
guess who will be getting them for me?
i feel empowered that i could do or go anywhere. it’s incredibly peaceful out in the suburbs. until you face a coyote then you’re fucked.
“but if africans objected to being colonised by europeans then europeans have the same right to object to being colonised by africa or the third world which is exactly what is happening with current third world immigration levels into britain and all western nations” he said.
) aunt and uncle visiting again today seeing my mum and her sister enjoying catching up and being together
unleashing a chain of events
 cup cherries (sweet or sour) pitted and chopped
obviously both beers looked exactly the same—bright goldencopper with a thin yet creamy head. both were crisp and cold with a pronounced american hoppiness and a powerful but not overpowering bitterness. by all accounts i was drinking the same beer—but i wasnt. even with all those factors being the same something was off. i knew exactly what it was when i popped the tab on the canned version—the aroma. the canned version somehow lacked the smelly oomph of the bottle. even after pouring it into the pint glass it still lacked that pungent wallop in the sniffer. the canned sn seemed subtler and more mellow than the bottled version. was the canned version more subdued because i didnt get that hoppy smell? does the head space in the bottle help to somehow capture the hoppy aroma? i dont know but i do know the canned version was missing it—for sure.
this weeks nwnw features haysi fantayzees two big singles. first up the exuberant "shiny shiny" followed by "john wayne is big leggy." enjoy
i went to a purse market in north jakarta with some friends earlier last week. it was so fun it was definitely one of those local shopping and cultural experiences i’ve wanted to have and i absolutely loved it. it was a halfday (semi fullday) event but by the time i got home i was exhausted it was the place you can get knockoffs. i’m talking about big brand names. i am not a brand name person as i cannot afford any of them first of all but second of all i think there are cute and stylish designs with lower prices available at target or h&m where i used to shop and i’m happy with the products i can afford. even someone like me thought it was exciting to go there for shopping i admit that it is fun to get the same brand name items that magazines feature as what celebrities carry except what you can find at this market is not real and sold with affordable prices.
its one of my favorite days of the week. i really have become one of those annoying people that like to work out. well lets be honest i dont love it but i love the feeling of strength i get from a great workout. i seriously feel i can tackle the world. its a feeling of empowerment. its a feeling that you can succeed. you can push through the mental garbage and do something really great for your body.
when you are single what’s the most prominent aspect about yourself you think about? your appearance right? men lift weights and women cover themselves in makeup so men can’t see who you really are. (there are many other things which apply here but i do not wish to explain them all. if you take offense in my idle description i don’t care.) you appearance is just a mask and your goal while single is to make yourself look better than you really do. my point is that everybody (and allow me to generalize here) wants to be more attractive to have the chance of enticing a goodlooking mate. whether or not this mate is fit for you is a different story (see sioain part two). but physical attraction seems to be highest on the list for most people in seeking a romantic partner.
a few items i’ve come across today
a neighbor and i
some had to die
monday was graces first day of st grade she was very excited she woke up early got dressed made herself breakfast brushed her teeth and her hair and had her backpack on by a.m. the first day was only a half day so i picked her up and we grabbed lunch got her hair cut and bought some fall clothes for her. we had a great time together
first off i realize that not all black and jewish people are interfaith children. some are converts (most famously sammy davis jr.). and some africanamerican families have been jewish for generations including the family of brilliant blogger manishtana. the point is being black and jewish is not necessarily an interfaith issue black is a race jewish is a religion no necessary conflict or mixing involved.
anyways long story short i was a little concerned because i was feeling a bit more uncomfortable than usual. so i gave my doctor a call as should you if you are starting on any exercise program. my lovely doctor said that while it’s great i’m working hard i should probably take it down a notch. so the downside is i won’t meet the big goal this year but the brightside is that i gave her a call sooner rather than later and avoided any kind of serious injury.
weeding
today a short excerpt from ‘the mount whitney journals’. i’m recovering from minor surgery and it’s driving me a bit crazy to be a semiinvalid. my highlight for today will be a block walk to the park with a cup of coffee and my laptop. by next week i should be ready for a short jaunt on mt. tam and some longer blog entries.
i also arranged for all of my girl friends to get together for a theyre finally back in school luncheon. we got to catch up with a bunch of us that we havent seen all summer and i finally got to see jackie again. she moved to gtmo two years ago and finally moved back and yup i am still here
for some weird reason my mind went straight to unmarried middle aged women who have decided to have children after years of waiting for the right man. sometimes i wonder how i would feel if i was in my late thirties successful in every area of my life and single. i wonder if i would really crave having a man to look after and who would look after me. i wonder if i would be worried about my biological clocking ticking away every month. i wonder if i would do what most women in that situation do – ditch the man and get the kid.
may your day be magical in wonderful ways. shalom.
k since they are arming themselves relentlessly via weaponsladen ships via the tunnels my selfdefense requires those controls. i don’t want to have to depend on iron dome to shoot down the missile. i want the missile not to reach gaza from iran in the first place. so i maintain the sea blockade which is unquestionably legitimate according to all the laws of war at sea to prevent them from bringing in the weaponry. and the same goes for the land crossings. we don’t allow free access because it is likely to endanger us.
 speechless
my heart grows sad as i write those words because the storm is coming.
he smiled and said "in my left ear was german in my right ear was arabic my fathers voice and i followed in my hebrew version of the book from right to left."
i’m having a spaz attack.
. drawing flies
for an extra treat i used a piece of mango and a few strawberries in the ones below blended it with the juice and froze we will have those tomorrow.
force between two current carrying conductors lorentz force equation. – definition of magnetic flux density b. hall effect and semiconductors the biotsavart law and amperes law. application of these laws in calculation of b. need for magnetic vector potential and magnetic scalar potential in magnetostatics b due to a finite and infinite wire carrying a current i – b on the axis of a circular and rectangular loop carrying a current i – magnetic flux. current carrying loop in the magnetic field torque on a loop carrying a current i – definition of magnetic moment. ohms law – equation of continuity. inductance of solenoids. energy contained in magnetic fields – magnetic materials boundary conditions.
this site is large and comprised of two main mounds. around these mounds are as stated above in tip piles of rocks.
ummm....hell no
. we may be going into bad neighborhoods but in the words of my professor "i dont care how much you cry or if your parents call the dean. you are going to your assigned locations or you dont graduate. so deal."
for wolfs greatest
i love the warm tone of the wood with the classic colors in his room
“when can i see you again?” he asked.
already during fertilization biological processes begin which influence sex and gender (maclaughlin & donahoe ). usually an x or a y chromosomebearing sperm fertilizes the xbearing egg. initially primitive gonadal tissue visibly identical in males and females forms adjacent to the rudimentary kidneys. influenced by genes and hormones particularly towards the beginning of the second trimester the gonadal tissue and other related structures differentiate and migrate forming ovaries oviducts the uterus and upper region of the vagina in females to merge with the forming external genitalia of clitoris an independent urethra labia and the lower vagina.
"divisadero.. but first i have to pick up some medication."
the first principle to success is to have a plan. without it any road can lead you to roam and not rome the destination that you have in mind. then we have to ask ourselves some hard questions like what are the secrets of success? what are the measurements of success? we have to look at the vital points for achieving success. then we can redefine failures as steppingstones on the road to success. indeed there are ways to reframe or reset our minds by resorting to systematic coaching for success.
cia director propaganda cyber attack could be next “pearl harbor” city of san francisco says its toxic sludge is good for you fomenting armageddon jerusalem’s colonization and western apathy watch ultra zionists take manhattan and demand the holy landspeakers at an extremist rally lash out at jewish groups and dem politicians warn that cozying up to obama would endanger israel and imperil the settlement enterprise. proposal all new yorkers become organ donors $$ billion laundered from us nonprofits into illegal west bank colonies creates threat of terrorism backlash no wonder christians are lost how the western media promotes a mistaken view of the world
don’t get me wrong auburn’s number is certainly above average. it’s not like the tigers were awful of course. but you’d expect a team that went undefeated through the nation’s toughest football conference regular season won the seccg and capped the season by winning the bcs title game to have stood out a little more strongly. as it turned out auburn didn’t even have the best sdpi in the conference.
“the shape was really appealing to me. i usually work really small and it seemed really challenging. i wanted to see if i could do it. and i like the spca” gothard said.
i got into another art show with my valley print this time the print which is being held at the ann arbor art center im really proud of this because it is a juried show open to any printmaking artist in michigan. my print will be on sale too.....and i think if i did my math right after the entry fee and cost for supplies and framing id earn a profit of about...uh...maybe $. haha. but its totally not about selling to me. im just stoked to be in the show
i hope she likes it.
so again i place the call does anyone have *nice* transfers in flac of either breaking circus ep? someone somewhere has to read this blog have a nearmint copy of the record(s) and has the ability and capacity to transfer them to flac on nice equipment. if i had the records i would but my setup is less than ideal for goodquality playings off vinyl.
so my verdict on the pattern.
“young children have been found at these sites handling the birds. children have been found actively gambling” gilbert said.
my encores blowing faded floral curtains wide
having wild weekends
and again i know he will in time...but because that time is not now it stings a little.
from the hot sandy beaches to the crumbled tornup sidewalks experiencing se asia is a challenge to even the healthiest feet the concrete in bangkok goes on forever. but in malaysia it’s a miracle to walk down any sidewalk without falling in a hole or tripping on an uneven sidewalk. penang is simply the worst – i could never look up when walking in penang – i always had to look at the sidewalk the holes and loose bricks and uneven walkways were a constant threat and the feel of icy cold water everywhere during songkran in chiang mai – wow the winner though hands down is the feeling of motion here. the ferries trains buses and minivans are not for the faint of heart dramamine is my friend
marketing ideas.
nikki’s initial title victory over thenchampion beth phoenix last week on raw was an actual wrestling match one where beth was defeated with the dreaded rollup but still managed to carry nikki through a decent match that ended…wait for it…logically.
when we help our children they in turn help others. i truly believe in seeing our children as whole perfect people in all of their desires. i assume positive intent from my children and they feel this. i am never the wall between them and what they want in life. they know that we will always help them obtain their desires and they in turn help me in so many ways
i literally had to slap my left hand with my right hand because she kept putting these into my mouth.
what tips do you wish you had when you started blogging?
i love eckhart tolle and i’m presently listening to his stillness speaks cds when i’m in my car. he has a very interesting take on life suffering and pain. if you google eckhart tolle quotes you’ll find that he has a great deal of information to help inspire and ground us. here are just a few quotes that i’d like to share with you
a living being faced with something unlikeable or untenable will make a choice about dealing with it. if a sudden flame pops up when i’m grilling i jump back. the meat on the grill just sits and burns. so much simpler and easier. so much more peaceful. a group of people going someplace such as a long line to get into a show or event has to decide to keep moving or else work their way off the line. a group of objects just gets sorted and swept. any of them that hit the floor do so by pure accident.
there are going to be four books all together in the rebel angels sequence and bloodstone the second is just out. many female bloggers have waited hearts aflutter for the return of seth and tend to fall into rather overheated descriptions of his appeal so i am going to be restrained.
shortly after the visit of mr urbanisme to our house i decided to take matters in hand and hold a meeting. at this point there was still some confusion as our paperwork stated the ground floor neighbour was the syndic but nobody elses did. he just happened to be doing the syndics role as he was the first to buy. either way someone was going to have to get things rolling and of course that person was me.
that we called our home
mile ? .
you greedy little fine your world now consists entirely of sixflags and heres a freepass that is good for all rides until you leave which you never can mwahahaha. hope you like roller coasters
props to these guys for their sheer ballsiness (if thats even a word).
the prayer (prayist?) proceeded through an acknowledgement of the usual litany of christian superheroes. he thanked an unseen timekeeper who granted us the opportunity to join together. he gave a brief preview of the available entrees specifically mentioning both turkey and ham. he said he did all this “in jesus’ name” (though i bet he’d be resuming his usual role as bobby in just a minute) then everybody said “amen.”
. “we can throw stones complain about them stumble on them climb over them or build with them.” – william arthur ward
obviously do not use a plastic vase or anything else flammable. even though the clay bakes at a very low temperature you can never take any risks.
twitter (again)
so all i could do was crop them using paint.
the occupy wall street movement now into its th week is beginning to influence other states as well.
i asked again about the dizzy spells. she told me that there really is nothing else they can do for him. this is not the first time ive been told this but im just stunned that this is really what theyre telling me. theyve done all kinds of tests and he has been tried on one med for this topamax. thats all they can do? really? more about this in a bit.
the sign on the wall speaks for itself. the signs these lovely ladies carry advocate prison for white folks.
les dépenses du budget général ont atteint mmdh à fin mars en légère hausse de % par rapport à leur niveau à fin mars qui s’explique par une augmentation de % des dépenses de fonctionnement conjuguée à une baisse de l’investissement et des charges de la dette budgétisée de % et de %
“more than you can imagine dear friend more than you can imagine…”
boiling water cups.
posted by miss eliza
clean kills in a night war a canyon a crab
i carry her in my heart in my memories in the very brink of my soul. she is with me everywhere i go and i see her in small moments of each day. tonight felt like a breakthrough for me a small one yes but a breakthrough nonetheless. i let myself feel something tonight. something i have not allowed myself to do in quite some time. we all get so busy in our everyday lives we forget to allow ourselves these small moments to ourselves. i only wish i had done it sooner.. but somehow this was the right time. im not sure i could have handled it sooner. and somehow i have felt a little closer to her.
i have missed my husband … my boys have missed their father … and we all have missed our time together.
most of my slips are at or below the knee. this one is well above the knee so will be great for all those annoying skirts that are clingy.
toby wakes up at am and alex and i switch off waking up with him. so every other day i get up with toby (blearyeyed) feed him breakfast take a quick shower while he chills out and chews his rubber ducky in the bouncy chair and take him to the playground really early (were often the only people there) or take a walk or bike ride together. even though im usually pretty sleepy on those mornings its lovely to spend that time with him and see the city as its waking up. then every other day alex will get up with toby while i either sleep until —bliss—or get up at am and start my work early while they hang out.
the only "likes" i will get will be from my illiterate friends who dont care what i call them as long as my statuses look "pretty."
the tc project was a real joy for me it was exciting to receive all the new journals each month and get to know everyone in the project who became dear friends still to this day. i had the honor to have all the journals at our art center during a book art exhibition i put together which is still archived online here.
hope you are having a wonderful weekend. the weather here is so beautiful. it is like a spring day but with my allergies i cannot go outside. central texas has to be one of the worst places to live if you have allergies.
it won’t take long before you start to notice that your files are getting fat and think of all that you are learning along the way don’t get overwhelmed or think that you have to do do do all the live long day to get those files filled. just do what you have time for in this season of your life. even if you only have time to read one article on your topic every week that is something and you are still learning that is the great thing about this challenge you can adapt it to fit your needs and what you have going during this busy time.
. king con man
$. – coppertone kids spf sunscreen spray oz target coupon
my garden is a riot. quite literally (i suspect foxes though the goldfinches have a guilty look about themselves). the blackcurrants and boysenberries have performed nicely and the rowan groans with fruit. yet again the cherry disappoints which is entirely my fault the trees doing its best in the circumstances. my dads trees have provided enough fruit for every beggar and his dog for miles around and i spent part of yesterday picking for the freezer. it still looks like nobodys bothered. the plums and damsons are the same my brothers victoria plum is absolutely weighed down with fruit thats starting to go coppery purple and my dads damsons are also colouring up nicely. my gardens at a higher elevation (well im just up the road) so mine are usually a week or two later. its looking like the makings of a bumper crop so well be giving the jammaking kit a bit of a pacing this year.
apply what’s the worst that could happen? as a business owner you’ll need to learn to deal with rejection so even if the panel declines your application – don’t stop. continue to pursue your dreams – and ultimately personal happiness.
what have you got planned?
in thanks for all creation in the name of its creator and his oneness with all aspects of creation we repeat our dedication to our cause today each hour as we lay aside all thoughts that would distract us from our holy aim. for several minutes let your mind be cleared of all the foolish cobwebs which the world would weave around the holy son of god. and learn the fragile nature of the chains that seem to keep the knowledge of yourself apart from your awareness as you say
happy complicating
we also worked on saying it while marching while hopping on one foot while clapping while spinning around and around etc. that was especially helpful as we worked on learning the reference (which isnt required until their second year). here he is saying it on his bed.
life’s riddles
although most of the heart diseases develop as a result of age or one’s lifestyle certain people are born with heart diseases. such diseases are called congenital heart diseases. these can affect any part of the heart be it the valves heart muscles or the blood vessels. such diseases include defect in the septum called the ventricular septal defect (vsd) and trial septal defect (asd). some of the other diseases included in this category are the pulmonic stenosis coarctation of the aorta and the tricuspid atresia.
sunshine makes me happy. waking up to it instantly promises something of a better day than might be delivered in cloud or rain. i feel that instant familiar urgency of the eternal child that makes you want to pull your clothes on and race out into anywhere that is outside terrified you will miss one minute of it.
in honor of onod’s birthday i’ve uploaded and translated scans from the april issue of sylph which contains photos and a summary of hiroc’s seitansai in okinawa. i can’t wait to listen to dgs tomorrow and find out what craziness kamiya has cooked up for ono’s birthday.
the interviews are restricted (more or less) to discussions about the artist’s craft how a movie was made rather than what marriage was broken up on the set. i enjoy the articles on how a movie was filmed even as i understand how much they are commercials for the movie. i like reading about what the new coldplay album sounds like even though i know theyre only giving this interview just to sell more records.
me reading is the most fulfilling thing you can do. how can you possibly think its boring?
i think one of my barn friends thought it was a little harsh to let her feel a rail if she took one. but...look at the last picture. these are foot long rails. theyre not that thick. they are much lighter than a real stadium rail. klein is a big pony. i dont think her knocking one of those with no boots on would really hurt her do you? if i did i would never do it. i have heard the stories of bnts using metal rails "poleing" horses aka hitting them in the knees as they go over a fence to make sure they get their knees up putting rail road ties in front of rails so a horse could possibly hit one if they get lazy. those are unacceptable. a thin ft long rail in shallow plastic jump cups is not. and if she didnt learn i wouldnt do it either. i know there are some horses out there that either wouldnt learn or wouldnt care enough to stop taking rails. it took once for klein.
. "as a retailer our goal is to provide customers with the broadest selection possible so they can find discover and buy any item they might be seeking."
as for that cheap labour there is plenty to choose from without resorting to these types who bring drugs crime and islamic jihad in their wake. there are greeks for example desperately looking for work. there are now italians and spaniards too. while they may not be orthodox they are christians and they will all work their way up and integrate.
* and if obama is not the next "liberal reagan"a likely possibility as it seems the country isnt ready for a steadfast firebreathing liberal in the white housewho is?
i’m glad to say that the circus i worked for never went in for fortune tellers. the modern circus is for athletes and comedians not crafty soothsayers who bamboozle the gullible with tarot cards and other such nonsense. we once had a problem with one of these characters an old gypsy woman who lived a short distance from our venue. it all started when a clown fell ill after an encounter with this woman. the doctor said there was nothing physically wrong with him and suggested the cause might be psychological. when i went to see the clown he moaned that he was doomed because the old woman had put a curse on him. i told him not to talk rot and snap out of it but he persisted in his morbid superstition. as the fellow played an important part in my act getting huge laughs when i dragged him along the ground i resolved to visit the old woman in the hope of working out a reasonable solution.
this usually happens within hours (sometimes as long as days approx) for the severe weather to manifest at hit each epicenter.
a cheese grater
perhaps due to ben the cat who hangs out on the deck.
and which i didnt had the ability to rip yet /
began an owl totem prototype while everything set up.
as spring was approaching and all those great vase fillers start to come out i wanted to show you some easy and cheapo glass displays you could make. i know it seems contrary but i like the fillers so much that i needed more containers for all the good stuff
they apparently are seeing that this book can be used to bring the public up to speed much faster than they had expected and with much less risk or hassle.
"how i wish
some people can not even go out of the house on friday the th. that would be called friggatriskaidekaphobia the fear of friday the th. our county just called off school because of the snow. i really think it was because we have some frigga people at the board office. well maybe. but i don’t understand this problem. i can understand some phobias like driving over a bridge. i mean the damn bridge could fall down and you’d be stuck in your car floating down to the bottom of the river. not good. but to be afraid of all things friday the th is a little strange to me. are they afraid of black cats stepping in front of them while they walk under a ladder after breaking a mirror in the house?
“thank you for coming in on such short notice. please have a seat and we’ll get started.”
sex is something that’s real important to the smartards. it may or may not be because most of the smartards aren’t having any sex but that’s beside the point. the real point is… well the real point is a giant rubber cock that is scientifically sculpted to hit your clit perfectly. that’s what the real point is.
what i miss being able to shave *ahem* down below without having to do some pretty amazing shower acrobatics. i have a feeling its going to be all by "feel" from her on out... yikes
are older women either completely passive or evil because they represent aging which we as a society fear? is it a fear of the freudian oedipal complex? or is it a way to keep women socially and ideologically oppressed?
it seems to be prom season and so everywhere young people were also getting dressed up washing cars and going out.
then the passage of time rubs off the rough edges. by the third and fourth generation no one remembers. no one is taught.
 true blood will feature an upcoming flashback to alcide and debbie as children.
 brow
aguas fresca ("fresh water") are nonalcoholic flavoured coolers which are great in hot weather. we tried the tamarindo (rm.) made from tamarind fruit sweet and sour in taste and rich in vitamin b and calcium as well as hibiscus (rm.) a cranberry flavoured drink made from dried hibiscus flower and rich in vitamin c and minerals. out of the two i prefer the tamarindo. there are also other flavours such as horchata limon and mango. cocktails are available for rm each.
edgar broughton band out demons out
later as i started reading fluently in french and german i was glad to be able to borrow books in those languages because then the cost of importing them was prohibitive.
as for the % pay increase…because of the fiscal crisis no union employees of the trial court received the increases to which they were legally entitled under collective bargaining agreements. in trial court union employees were being paid on the same salary schedule as in . in increases negotiated for court officers and probation officers went into effect. they received an increase which was consistent with the increases negotiated for employees in other state agencies. in addition the trial court retroactively paid salary increases negotiated several years prior for clerical employees.
solar co.’s – the karnataka state government is planning a acre solar park in bijapur district. (the hindu business line)
in the end he makes a sarcastic remark to the oracle what do you think i am? human?
decreasing the income disparities is important to the advancement of africanamerican communities and america as a whole.
there are actually bnp members and supporters who appear to believe that for instance if they make “funny” nazi salutes at cameras or are filmed giving their child a gollywog the public will perceive these as ironically humorous gestures.
so now that we’re about to begin you’re probably asking what are we going to do and how are we going to do it? well we’re going to give you everything you need to make a body change—through a series of elegant and effective changes based on hard science—that will stick with you for your life.
free gathering well sort of for the strictly legal minded you can only gather on private land with the landowners consent oops graveyards are private land so looks like i was after all on the wrong side of the law this morning. did you call the cops? perhaps the police are preparing warrants now trying to gather evidence of the weeds i have stolen looks like im banged to rights my garden is full of them
they both recently delved into the world of home brewing and were quite proud to give me a couple of samples of their latest efforts. tom and his crew cooked up an octoberfest a few months ago and phil and friends brewed a pale ale.
adj.
as i stopped in front of them the curious man that i am i was approached by an older dutch man with a bike who also had been standing idly by. he asked me what i thought of them and told me they were quite aggressive when people would take pictures. this made no sense to me since they were pointing a video camera at themselves. so i approached them and asked if i could look at the slew of hatefilled poster boards strewn across the ground in front of them. these posters had various messages including one saying that all women of the world will bow down to the black man. they were prominently displayed with cartoons caricatures of jesus and other religious figures as well as symbols of domination and social hierarchy. most interesting was the only poster being held by one of these ‘prophets’. it explained that the tribes of israel are represented by different groups across the world one being the “american negro”. when i engaged these men in conversation they explained that the american negro is not a true black man because the white man had brainwashed him and stole his heritage. they said a lot of other things with no basis in science or mere critical thought. they read directly from the bible and were interpreting the world around them with the most literal of translations.
back to england we go internets.
let me empower you with a word – no.
accepting myself.
emptied the entire closet and went through and decided to get rid of some of the sheets pillows etc. that have seen their better days.
frost the first meringue and sprinkle with the chopped dates. there’s no correct amount to use whatever your taste likes. i thought the amount i used was perfect it added an unrecogniseable flavor that was not overpowering or oversweet.
how many kits do i need?
it all seemed so wrong but also so ordained.
they do not discover
personification love i hope that i can display the fruit of love by spreading the word of god today and everyday for the rest of my life. the only way that we can truly love our neighbor is by preparing them for eternity not ignoring their plight and eventual judgement. i don’t know exactly what this sharing looks like yet but i hope i am doing it and i will be looking for new ways to do it as well.
since years (?) germany does sell such starbucks coffee at the grocery stores.
then something unique happens. a sociallyimpaired classmate becomes so intrigued by morpho that he pursues her despite the mystery surrounding her family and the danger that accompanies it.
change needed
i’ve been on spotify premium for a few years now and it’s much cheaper than buying cds. the catalogue is huge the artists get paid and it’s available on my phone. what more could you want? visit the official website for more and to sign up for news on when you can get spotify yourself
september is the feastday of a county kildare saint seanan of laithrechbriuin. canon ohanlon begins his account with a lament that he is one of the many irish saints of whom we know little but he must have been a figure of some standing as he is named as an attendee at the synod of dromceat in . for this repost i have added the details of the entry for the day from the martyrology of aengus which appear in the footnotes in the original volume. i have also added the details and accompanying illustration of the church ruins as this may be of interest to people living in the local area.
another reason i was offering things for free on my blog is that i was trying to help people out financially………when i first moved to the states i was teaching in a small christian school and only making $. a year (yes you read that correctly)….there is absolutely no way i would have been able to spend a lot of money on the great units being offered on tpt.
if you prefer your respite with a shakespearean flair stay on i another minutes to the theatrical town of ashland. standing stone brewing is on oak street just a block from the oregon shakespeare festival.
and finally...
in his own good time he’ll call us
after hearing from my sister i did a google search for the words in the email and its a rather popular scam.
if city gets beaten by newcastle then the title is united’s to lose. if city beats either of the two united will have to replicate the game against arsenal where they scored a bountiful of goals in order to get the title.
. lunch plate of foccacia cheese tomatoes @ mom & dad’s house (pottstown pa) p.m.
. special request. selfexplanatory but must be within the price restriction below.
“what if they object to being caressed in that fashion?” i ask.
memes were like warehouses used to host allnighter ecstasy parties. i’d heard others whisper about them in hushed tones never really understanding what i was hearing. it was the same sort of mixed awe and curiousity i felt towards ipods when they first came out. finally to educate myself i decided to ask a gen y confidante to explain to me just what the hell a “meme” was.
cards and things challenge has this sketch that i thought would be great with my "fish" stamps. im assembling a box of cards for the childrens hospital and wanted to include some from this set. heres their lovely sketch
the party was held at a park and everything was beautiful it was a perfect warm sunny day and vicky had decorated the trees with adorable aqua and yellow tissue pompoms. she had yellow flower plates and napkins on aqua tablecloths and even a station where kids could decorate little terra cotta pots and plant yellow flowers.
“i’ve never seen this kind of attitude where safety doesn’t seem to matter.”
i think if you have never read da carson before you will find this a helpful book and perhaps even a good book. like i said carson is not wanting for scholarship skills. if you have never read him before you will get a very good introduction to the reformed view of the cross (although the book is subtitled “the cross and resurrection of jesus” the resurrection of jesus only gets one chapter to itself) and resurrection. this may or may not be a good thing. i think when we get so intent on defending a point of view we often fail to be challenged or changed by the story itself.
prayer — added to the show at
the card is simple with the focus on the flower. i really like how it turned out. besides the base all other pieces are from my scrap pile.
let’s think about it today and every other day. only then will the value of a woman be truly realized.
the story of france after the revolution and the upheaval that napoleon caused became much a part of désirée’s story and was a fantastic backdrop to the heartwarming relationship désirée had with her husband jeanbaptiste bernadotte. the writing style was quick and easy to understand and not dated to its original fifties publication which is surprising. not a literary masterpiece but just a fantastic story of an otherwise forgotten lady (who is not depicted well on wikipedia) i am so glad that sourcebooks landmark has reissued the tale fifty years after its first printing. timeless and epic are true adjectives even though i cannot fully explain the draw that the story had for me it is just one of those novels that will be unforgettable. annemarie selinko dramatically relates the life of désirée her family and the bonapartes though with a blunt matter of factness that tugged at my heartstrings which showed désirée had sacrificed much for her beliefs of the rights of man but seemingly with no regrets.
here is the video for "somebody that i used to know". its possibly not safe for work depending on who can see your monitor. they never actually show anything but it looks like theyre going to. stick with it the song really picks up around minute . and if theres anything i like more than hand claps & high hats its a background vocal. i love this song
i realised long ago that parenthood aint easy but these few days have just been super challenging. i think it doesnt matter if you have kids or parenting is one tough job. well hubby and i have more years to perfect this skill with alden. one day im sure well get it right.
the bull is looking on. is that sympathy?
exodus 
what does she do? she gloats and states how she has the ear of the district manager and how she has control of whether the boss gets to keep his job or not. i told her several times to shut up but someone like her cant seem to keep her mouth shut. her aim by fair means or fowl is to get the boss fired. when i told her people who live in glass houses shouldnt throw stones she was bewildered. she had never heard that phrase before i guess. when i explained to her that someone who really isnt doing their job complaining about someone else not doing their job is very ironic she went over the edge and spent the next ten minutes screaming at me. i spent the majority of that ten minutes laughing at her.
as to the live dating the gent wanted too much of my personal time well before i was ready to give it. i told him this but he was so enamored by his own feeling of infatuation that he didn’t hear me. i ended it amicably at first but i’m not sure what offended me more – the fact that he didn’t try to get to know me via the simple act of listening when i expressed my need to go slowly or the fact that he pursued me anyway and thus pulled from me a mean side i didn’t appreciate having to display.
bob "oh get me a barrel of that too."
we need each other.
 john street (built circa )
the more we learn the more we know what we dont know.
i recently had to say goodbye to some friends at college who i won’t be seeing next semester. in particular four korean girls who were exchange students to belhaven. they really became amazing friends and i know that i’ll miss them so much next semester… it really won’t be the same without my ‘unnies’. i really hope to go to korea next semester and see them again.
i know i will continue to overuse them. but let it be known i know that i do. i just cant help it. it is like a nail biting or smoking habit one you know you should give up but they just give you too much joy.
step youre ready to apply the wallpaper to the wall. i started the installation from the center of the wall and worked my way out to the edge. depending on the space and pattern of your wallpaper you may want to start in the center of the wall or at the wall edge. make sure the wallpaper is plumb by using a level.
water when i turn on the faucet.
date friday june 
"for everything created by god is good and nothing is to be rejected if it is received with thanksgiving."
despite cries that devices such as the kindle fire were “killing” android google’s mobile operating system is continuing to strengthen its presence among u.s. smartphone buyers. according to the latest figures published by comscore on tuesday android had a % grip of the u.s. smartphone market in the threemonth period ended march . that’s up . percentage points from the threemonth period ended december . apple’s ios now has a .% share up . percentage points followed by rim (.% down . percentage points) windows phone (.% down . percentage points) and symbian which maintained a steady .% share of the u.s. smartphone market.
i certainly laughed during this film i wouldn’t recommend not watching it but i wouldn’t go out of my way to do so. watch it on a movie night with your family it will be worth the laugh.
and i wont even get into what my teenage sons room looks like... "teenage sons room." those words should be nuff said. and couple that with renovation...well you can only imagine... but i have to keep telling myself "one day at a time" and its a "work in progress"
young murphy uttered the latter part of his not too enthusiastic comment in half apology for even seeming to dispute dr. moore. he was a hardheaded young fellow but as with most irish people as lovable as could be found. it was only because he was a good scientist that he was skeptical. early in his career he had learned that skepticism was not a vice more of a virtue ofttimes preventing false conclusions based on insufficient evidence.
during the past several months hundreds of thousands of americans have debated thousands of ideas to solve our nation’s most pressing problems. it has been an open process and has provided a genuine opportunity to give voice to a broad cross section of concerned americans.
on friday i attended our first design and the market workshop run by lindsey gardiner where we looked at evidence modelling and swot analysis. more about that coming soon…
when it was obvious that no chickadee babies were in the nest i cleaned out the house... washed it... let it dry... and opened it back up for business. it still took this couple almost a week to decide on the place. i think she expected his help in building the nest but his lame attempts ended up in pine needles being stuck in at the last moment; therefore they simply stuck up and out the edge of the opening in a random way not tidy and were no help at all. no the male spent most of his time fluttering at the window pecking at the other male bluebird he saw as competition and peering in at us in the den (wanting mealworms). i think she expected him to either sit on the eggs while she hunted for food or bring her food. he didnt do either. i started in with the mealworms and she quickly learned that she would have to feed herself he wouldnt do it.
once we escape the fear of death once we realize that all are created by god almighty we will realize that no life is worth killing for and every life is worth dying for.
my only release from this pain is when i quit or get fired which puts me into a different state of pain where even fewer of my needs are met and then the cycle begins all over again.
i spent some time this evening researching the claim that sharia law requires four male islamic adult eyewitnesses to get a rape conviction. this turns out to be true but slightly misleading or at least incomplete. sharia law with its very severe punishments does apparently require four male islamic adult eyewitnesses for the crime of zina (which includes rape adultery and premarital sex and does not distinguish them clearly). in some countries eight adult females can provide the testimony or some combination of men and women.
i don’t know how i feel about it at the end…i’ll probably dwell on that tomorrow…
his hair was perfect.
vastly different was the gussie who stood before me now. selfconfidence seemed to ooze from the fellow’s every pore. his face was flushed there was a jovial light in his eyes the lips were parted in a swashbuckling smile. and when with a genial hand he sloshed me on the back before i could sidestep it was as if i had been kicked by a mule.
"...but if circumstances should at any time oblige the government to form an army of any magnitude that army can never be formidable to the liberties of the people while there is a large body of citizens little if at all inferior to them in discipline and use of arms who stand ready to defend their rights..." alexander hamilton federalist .
ferne’s accident
not only is there a centurion in command but also he is mentioned by name and identified as of augustus’ band a member of the praetorian guard. so why is he identified? paul was one noteworthy prisoner as we have seen in his preparation to be sent to caesar. it was the governor festus of caesarea who arranged for the roman provision.
i had meetings with clients to discuss projects and most of the calls abroad were scheduled during us times. after discussing i would be given for the day and then the next morning won’t be the normal due to the tiredness from the night hours. i started spending time watching movies at homes to avoid unexpected sleeps and be available for the meeting.
maybe that makes me old fashioned. but it is what it is. i am not trying to change the world or make an impact with these thoughts. i am just writing what i feel to get my juices flowing. this is mainly for me. maybe there are more like me...but if there are...i am hoping that they will answer the door when i knock.
keep it away from human touch
stein will be joined by historian john manbeck and coney island insider lola star founder of the save coney island organization to explore the role of coney island in shaping brooklyn’s identity using stein’s photographs as the starting point for the conversation.
hes coming through
sue and i had settled down to bed around o’clock last night where sue quickly went to sleep and i lay contentedly reading libba bray’s “beauty queens” (about halfway through now) whilst enjoying the soothing therapeutic touch of my dr ho’s® pain therapy system.
“you’re not going to feed that to the kids are you?” the old man walked over and frowned.
a.) the book was great.
are we really no better than this?
year 
the yomiuri shimbun
but each year i see more and more builders tearing down acres and acres of land to build "communities" of the same ugly house models and this brings nothing but rage to me the builders and the people who buy theses home are no more then thieves they have stolen land like columbus did with the indians making wildlife have less and less land to live stealing their homes
as we tried a number of new (to us) beers special releases and others i couldnt help but want to take a few hits of the thirsty planet buckethead ipa. an excellent huge hoppy beer with a splendid mixture of several types of hops. at the cold temperature and fresh it was just right for my tastes. high stars. i even remembered that beer while drinking heineken with the brothas while watching the mosleyacquiao fight. another great balanced ipa came from our boys at squatters with the best beer poster would be awesome.
etc.
“in zen it is said that ‘the grand round mirror of wisdom is as black as pitch.’”
ps thank you to my lovely husband who is always supportive and amazing
i was about to write that i haven’t seen much going on outdoors as i look through the window while drinking my coffee when i saw three ducks circling the woods across from me. they didn’t look like mallards they weren’t it was two male and a female wood duck so i guess it is time to get moving
kaisercraft droplets clear and pink.
and that is where i have to ask who can actually practice buddhism? it seems that trying to would test a monk. what chance do any of us living in the world have? in the abstract its easy enough to sign on to all the "right" modes of conduct but how much choice do we actually have?
my first recipe of the year and penultimate item from the blackface meat box was a huge . kg rack of blackface mutton. the key difference in flavour between lamb and mutton is the sheep’s transition from a milkbased to grassbased diet. my rack came from a five year old mutton (consider that lambs are under the one year mark). as a result you get a dark burgundycoloured meat with a layer of fat and a richer flavour. according to blackface’s website their five year old ewes are carefully fattened to ensure that their awardwinning mutton is tender and juicy. oh wow did this turn out to be true.
ok so if any of you b&bs (blogging bakersaking bloggers) have made a rainbow cake or attempted to make one i would love to hear your story and see any pics that you may have.
a big welcome to my new followers and apologies for my lack of visits and comments to your own blogs. i will try and catch up with you all this week.
our season room houses one of my longaberger baskets and an older aluminum pitcher collect my corks. you could use almost anything if you save corks as i do. maybe its time to stop saving them but then.......again what harm in keeping corks? i use that line a lot in justification what harm or better yet i could be doing worse things.
me “you are the bloody navigator tell me what to do”
i called a few people and thought more about it. we have decided that no we do not want max in life skills at this time. however the principal is rather adamant he wants max gone. the resource teacher told me that if i didnt make up my mind soon about life skills that the principal wanted another meeting. this was before we were sure btw. i asked what the meeting would be about. she said the principal would say the placement where max is currently is not fitting his needs therefor trying to force him out.
this kind of memory coming from a something of my generation is not uncommon or unique. we learned to vent our feelings in the security of anonymity via the internet. we learned to pour our hearts out for the public. we did these things frequently and without thinking. we could have been writing books and making our millions but the majority of us didn’t have that kind of foresight.
some however are thrilled beyond imagining having themselves long suspected that they might have encountered this very project – a room at the tokyo airport or deep inside an outer london convention center – but they had simply filed it away as faulty memories.
“vegas was in a boom time” mr. jordan the fund’s chief executive said. “snowbirds were moving there from the midwest. people were saying at one time it was going to get bigger than new york. then the bust happened and we owned some singlefamily developments subdivisions and there’s no one living in those.”
a few years ago i sat next to a lovely woman on the eurostar from paris to london. she was scottish but worked as a frenchnglish translator in paris. we were the same age and had shared similar lives. i liked her immediately. i liked her even more when she told me where she lived. she and her french husband had just purchased a castle in normandy she said. theyd bought it three months before for the same price as their twobedroom apartment in the bastille area of paris. she was still incredulous. "may i ask how much?" i politely enquired. € she replied still delighted by the price. then she told me the extras. a carriage house a gate house a grand estate of acres stables a parterre garden and river frontage too. okay so it was a little rundown but theyd bought a hammer and drill too. all this for the equivalent of $ australian dollars. you cant buy a smart apartment in melbourne for $ let alone a chateau with a charming carriage house.
always and like iron
and members of congress will not tell us any of this because they have been ordered by the u.s. supreme court justices to ‘deny’ the existence of nesara or face charges of treason punishable by death. some members of congress have actually been charged with ‘obstruction.’ when minnesota senator paul wellstone was about to break the gag order but before he could his small passenger plane crashed killing his wife daughter and himself.
her condition was not helped with the fact that uganda had no definite answers to her cause. and so did the centre for disease control (cdc) team in atlanta which is possibly the world’s center of medical research grappled with samples in their labs hoping to find remedy for the disease which continued to cause mayhem to the children of northern uganda.
at the entrance to the street party. changkat bukit bintang road was closed to traffic for a night of live music performances irish dances street artist standup comedians a carnival of fun games and activities..........
the art of engaging in conversation as a chauffeur is a fine one. i cannot actually be myself hells id ask way too many personal questions which leaves only conversational acting. i navigate these tricky waters by listening to what my customer saysand reflecting it back to them. basically i attempt to affirm their own view of themselves and keep my own thoughts to myself.
into one’s personal position and problems to give definition to one’s thoughts to keep up and stimulate attention which sometimes flags
i also learned that if you loan your neighbor one of your generators you don’t give them the only one that will power your well refrigerator and freezer. duh our neighbor’s have an infant and a toddler. they learned that their generator was too small to run their pellet stove so we loaned them our big one. one of our small ones would have worked perfectly fine for their stove. duh again
romans therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy and whom he will he hardeneth.
"to sing a song of murder" ()
"its been great" said an insider penguin "when the suits told us to jump we had a jumping competition. i won"
kirbys dream land. apparently abutting to times. it was my admired bold on bold boy.
i’m pretty harsh on idol shows because my favorite show is too an idol show super dimension fortress macross macross macross frontier macross plus macross do you remember love? these shows give interesting idol contexts phenomenal music (relative to pop idol fare) and are love triangles set against the backdrop of great battles. i remember some fanboys trying to convince me about the awesomeness of idolm@ster characters. better luck selling refrigerators to walruses.
the tree gives me a deeper sense of what it is to collaborate. as a solo artist i have a strong artistic vision and it’s not always easy to shift that vision to accommodate the visions of others.
if he said yes it was referred as "one for the road."
g caster sugar (original recipe uses g)
beck is a young program who becomes the skillful leader of a revolution inside the computer world of the grid. his mission is to free his home and friends from the reign of the villainous clu and his henchman general tesler. beck will be trained by tron – the greatest warrior the grid has ever come to know. tron will not only teach beck the fighting and light cycle skills he needs to challenge this brutal military occupation but he will be a guide and mentor to him as he grows beyond his youthful impulsive nature into a courageous powerful strong leader. destined to become the next tron of the system beck adopts tron’s persona and becomes the archenemy of general tesler and his oppressive forces
the vet lady told my mom that im not supposed to be jumping on the bed but my mom has been letting me sleep on the bed anyway. (thanks for breaking the rules momma) she gets upset when i jump up and down to chase the cat. its not my fault the cat keeps taunting me
military chiefs fear pleasure pilots could accidentally stray across the widened boundaries leaving air controllers unclear as to whether it is a genuine mistake or a hijacked plane destined for the olympic stadium in stratford east london…..
washington dc — regardless of how weak or sophisticated their political financing regulations are countries around the world are equally failing to effectively regulate the flow of money into politics a new report finds. the global integrity report a major investigative study of countries was released today by global integrity an awardwinning international nonprofit organization that tracks governance and corruption trends globally.
i remember watching master magician david copperfield tie himself up in chains and have someone sink him in a tank of water to make his miraculous escape in front of millions of gaping mouthed television viewers. my mouth was gaping too because i was lusting over a bag of salt and vinegar potato chips. same thing when he had someone saw him in half while in a coffin. while everyone oohed and aahed i was in the bathroom trying to pop a zit. the guy had a cover over the escape tank and who knows how many trick compartments were in that coffin? now having david copperfield simply stand there naked on stage while a random audience member holding on with both hands runs a chain saw through his torso and he remains whole that would have been a real feat of magic. or a really gory viral video on youtube.
this is also a read me book which means that in the next two years my boys will be able to start reading it to me. the words are small. the sentences short. and even better it is a story that i wont mind reading over and over again ... or having to listen to over and over again. its short sweet and touching; it teachers a lesson while captivating in a peaceful way.
no breach.
me drat no signal.
into the folder cabinet
but enough about her music. today i picked up a really cute wallet from her l.a.m.b. brand at the neiman marcus last call outlet. their prices are definitely ridiculous but the wallet was cute and ive been searching for one just like it. the original tag was marked $ and the "reduced" price was $. are you kidding me? you have to be kidding me but needless to say i bought it.
many social networks employ some method of dialogue. facebook has walls and comments. twitter has @replies so you can follow conversations. many blogs allow comments on postings. fred wilsons blog has so many regular readers that they have their own microculture. even yelp has talk threads. with these methods of communication we can see a series of social psychology concepts in play. humans are subject to confirmation bias which is the tendency to only seek information that conforms to our beliefs. we tend to disregard information that isnt consistent with our own attitudes and we have a very difficult time being objective. this is a concept we should keep in mind when engaging in social media and doing research or polling people on the internet. it leads us to search for articles we want to find and leads us to discount information we just dont want to see.
the experience saddened me. so few missourians see the full glory of the state’s terrain and history. even fewer americans consider the existence of the middle of the country. actually how many of us natives are proud to say we are from missouri? “oh yea you know misseri.” we’re happy with our hometowns but dismiss the entire state. forgotten.
during the summer my dad would meticulously pack up the buick and we would all pile in and head off to where he was speaking for the week.
morello hrm. phreak still hasn’t woken up.
sign. me. up. lady with the clipboard.
creator holly sorensen confirmed the news on her twitter account by saying “miobi nation. we all love you so much. and we are very sadly three weeks away from the series finale of miobi.”
while not “on the menu” per se i asked the owner if he had any tadikh the crusty layer that forms at the bottom of the rice pot. he was happy to oblige and offered to top it with ghormeh sabzi a sauteed mix of dill parsley cilantro leek and scallion cooked with kidney beans whole dried lemon and lamb that has been simmered for many hours. this is clearly a homestyle dish but i’d grant it fit for the shah of iran.
my exgirlfriend’s birthday is coming up may th and i am struggling to figure out if i should contact her (only by text). here is the situation i haven’t spoken about her on this blog.
the rightofway skirted the hills at the edge of the putnam ranch. near the jack creek crossing horace putnam and george hedrick deeded the site for a siding and station to be called putnam. they hardly expected a town to grow up around it as occurred after charles drain donated the site for another station and siding years earlier. but it was a nice
would you dumb down your resume? is that something that is smart today? yes i get it. weird economy and weird times but why?
not knowing what to expect we each took a sip of our beers. now i wish i recorded a video of this but i didnt so ill recall what happened to the best of my ability. toms facial expression went from overjoyed and ecstatic to really weirded out and completely disgusted in a matter of seconds. im going to be completely honest with you here; bramble rye is the result of a beer experiment that went...wait for it...awry. i feel like the wonderful people over at bourbon county brewing were feeling extra inventive the day they came up with bramble rye; unfortunately the combination of flavors doesnt really work. rye and berries? no thanks.
"new tracks" we would yell as we ran across our blank canvas leaving our tiny marks.
"a shoe tells who you are." fergie
the rules say to work as much as you can. hurt yourself. push until you cant see straight. take all the overtime you can get. never ever say no. and for the most part i agree with this ethos. but the truth is that cooks are for shit when it comes to taking care of themselves. stand on your feet running around for hours a day sweating through your shirt. tear your body down...then reward it by filling it with beers whiskey burgers and cigarettes. when was the last time you saw your grill guy eating a salad at the end of the shift? how many cokes does your fry guy suck down on a friday? when was the last time you actually ate normal meals in a day? shit when was the last time you exercised?
previously on lost....i mean good burp. "brandon gives up beer in an attempt to loose weight after he made a stupid bet with his friend schlampe." (it sounds a lot more cool if you imagine it in that deep ominous voice like the lost dude. or if it was waylen jennings telling you as i attempted to jump a creek in the general lee).
tonight i will try to dream that they are not really closing and that it was just a joke. maybe that dream will also come true.
i still hope to direct this short film myself...but ifhen i do i will certainly be exploring and collaborating as much as i am trying to put a personal vision on the screen. adventures indeed
“the situation is very bad. there’s no work” said enrique sebastian a yearold unemployed surgery room assistant as he left one of madrid’s unemployment offices. “the only future i see is one with wages of € ($) a month for eighthour days. and that’s if you can find it.”
the geneva bible was one of the most historically significant translations of the bible into the english language preceding the kjv by years. it was the primary bible of the th century protestant movement and the bible used by william shakespeare oliver cromwell john milton john knox and john bunyan in pilgrims progress. the geneva bible was the primary bible of the pilgrims who founded america and used by the ironsides soldiers of oliver cromwell during the english civil war.
soon things will improve just have to work on that flare a bit more.
cutting out the dead wood
is the roof in a serviceable condition prior to installing the panels? although given days the installer likely will be willing to remove the panels and then reinstall them after the re shingling is complete at no charge ( check contract for specific details) im sure they wouldnt like to be doing this after months or less
okay i will only highlight these authors this time. because there is limited space in the newsletter and i could go on forever. not to mention if you want any more suggestions for good reads i can’t give it to you all at once. happy reading
how do i know? and how do i stay strong against the affection that i wanted all these years? can i keep pushing him away when i desire it so badly? why did it have to get this bad for him to express his love? i do believe he loves me. but i don’t believe he can change enough for me to love him. but do i try anyway? for the sake of marriage and kids?
it is my opinion (agreeing with tabletalk writers) that “jesus’ spirit never went to hell but on the cross he suffered the full wrath of god that is poured out in hell.” and even with all of that physical pain the most intense suffering he endured came when he lost the gaze of his father in heaven causing him to cry out “my god my god why have you forsaken me?” i shudder even as i type this.
he prayed that god not take them out of the world but that he keeps them from the evil (john ). in other words jesus prayed for god to be their shade (john ).
anyways as i was cleaning my fucking shit hole of a mess i decided to open up the overwhelming flow of the past. i keep a few things just faint objects in my life. meaningless to anyone but myself. they represent everything that matters to me. people dead alive. parts in my past. hopes for the future.
this amazing documentary all two hours of talking heads and graphs is a totally compelling explanation of how the recession came to be and the men who so skilfully engineered it raking in billions as they did.
on your head of peach fuzz.
 if defeated in close combat by a marine marines in base contact with the dead bug(s) take an automatic s hit (acid splash)
laboring and spinning and worrying laboring and spinning and worrying round and round i go. this is precisely how i started my day. even the flowers of the field know better. my very first awake pillowthought was one of worry. side by side was another thought i whispered gently and quietly as to not disrupt the mornings peace. "worry is a sin the bible tells me not to worry. i am going to read my bible and counteract these worrisome thoughts."
bushs directorial debut "the line the cross the curve".
tattletale got her mp player and put an earbud in the ear that didn’t have sophia’s device in it. the other earbud dangled from the cord faint music playing from it. grabbing a blanket from the arm of the couch she curled up in one of the armchairs.
to prepare dressing combine first ingredients stirring well.
i have a huge list of things to do in the remaining weeks before this baby makes his arrival and a new blog design in the works cause lord knows it needs it
i don’t know why the orthodox church has a strong influence in the eastern europe even now in the th century when science has proved the bible is just a mixture of stupid texts and god doesn’t exist.
because i’ll be celebrating my birthday in a few days and because i promised to pamper myself more this year as part of my resolutions i went to forever flawless at robinsons galleria last sunday january to have an agedefying facial. this type of facial treatment restores elasticity boosts the skin’s natural ability to stimulate collagen and visibly diminishes wrinkles and fine lines.
the government will certainly roll out its “big guns” to stem the tide of humanity coursing down the historic dataran merdeka (independence square) come april . the eyes of the world will be watching the outcome of the faceoff. a violent crackdown on the innocent citizens will arouse the ire of the global village and rouse the people to action. if bersih . is crushed the final fight will shift to a bigger arena where the fate of the rulers will be decided. the only weapon the government has this time is fraud it will cheat at the ballot box to cling on to its tattered pants. but the price of liberty is eternal vigilance – and the people are unlikely to let down their guard. they may yet deliver a knockout punch.
 
sh i would clean to my standards not yours.
then on thursday i need to
iván meade who or what has influenced your style aside from nature itself?
well that about does it for any plans i ever had for retiring to florida and enjoying a quiet peaceful life sitting out by the pool with a bunch of other old senile seniors munching on a plate of cheese and ritz crackers. nope…..not gonna do it.
another thing that i ended up doing was creating a secret handshake with my daughter for those times when we both need to disconnect from a power struggle or when we are having trouble cooperating. it works some of the time which is better than yelling or fighting at any rate.
credit portrait of ulysses s. grant by emanuel gottlieb leutze
smart property managers utilize effective communication tools to solidify their relationships with existing tenants and to showcase their properties’ amenities to potential tenants. it’s a costeffective way to increase tenant satisfaction and in turn occupancy rates. a recent study by kingsley associates a leader in real estate research confirms that tenants who are satisfied with property management are three times more likely to renew their leases.
i knew sooner or later i would have to do a post about reiki because it is such a big part of my life.
‘ash mistry and the savage fortress’ began as a conversation with my agent way back in the day. i knew my next project was going to be about india but we came to the discussion on the hero. basically should he be white? could readers handle a nonwhite hero? now that may sound stupid but all evidence in children’s fiction implies they can’t. they’re there in the nursery aladdin sinbad mulan etc. but as kids grow up they steadily disappear. sure they float around as sidekicks and in books about terrorism forced marriages and religious fundamentalism but not within the mainstream. they never get to save the world.
. this is the best way to impress your wifeirlfriend for a slightly belated valentine’s day in case you forgot to take her out for dinner and if you are not in the dog house already
it is not that the holy spirit and the lord jesus christ are with us. they are in us. how then can you or i be lonely?
within a few weeks i am sure we will all be back to normal
her oh thank you this is my first time to get to wear it. isnt it pretty (as she spun around for effect).
december january ; lahore pakistan;
weve got to look for methods to undermine those powers
the headlines in today’s newspaper read “survivor describes horror attack after mountain run” and refers to an incident that took place last week when a young mother of two was brutally attacked and nearly raped whilst training for a marathon. there was also an article which warned homeowners to be especially vigilant in their driveways since these have become the most common places for attacks to take place exactly as happened to my mom.
hours passed.
net and season are laughing so hard theyre crying. i try again using a different tack.
the length of the hand is onetenth of the height of a man
book of 
adam’s grub truck is heading to the city today at hawthorne plaza in sf between nd & folsom from pm. loaded with krakens today free egg on kraken day.
this is the end of part one of a twopart blog series on how to make summer pudding. if you are not interested in summer pudding this loaf is perfectly good for consumption as is. optionally if you only wish to make challah without making the pudding you can opt to sprinkle sesame seeds or poppy seeds onto the bread prior to baking and incorporate raisins into the dough (soaked for an hour in warm water or brandy).
in the unfinished mystery of edwin drood a foul murder is suspected and the main suspect is john jasper. the late great leon garfield wrote a splendid completion of the book utterly convincing which i keep beside the collected novels. if that wasnt how dickens was going to end it it should have been the convicted man waiting in his cell for the o clock of his last morning on earth knowing that there will be no reprieve and no spangly christmas fairy coming down with a wand to make all things well.
the lord lives
in this final day wed really appreciate the help in spreading the word... tweet share on facebook instagram whatever you can do to help would be super sensational.
as i close i would like to share a new to me gardening book its called gardening when it counts though i have not finished it yet... its interesting and challenging to ones green thumb but so far its worth reading. blessings...
with critical illness you can’t lose.
i saw him blow
some habit(s) will frustrate your purpose let go of it (them)
reed explains the workshop is a “oneonone evaluation” of marketing oneself to the film and television industry. the workshop will cover such topics such as how to submit professional “eyecatching” resumes and headshots scene evaluations actor representation etc.
then came my albatross watershed moment. i saw this lovely lady wearing it and harangued her into telling me what it was that had given her cheek the kind of sheen that id never been able to find. she told me it was the famous albatross..
deadline to leave comments is pm est
within a battle you’ll want to optimize the amount of damage you are doing to try to finish the battle as quickly as possible. you’ll figure out the optimal order in which you use your abilities the optimal equipment for doing so the optimal setup the optimal environment etc. you’ll want to be the most efficient.
mr cameron’s first major speech on green issues for two years was welcomed by commentators in the energy sector.it was seen as riposte to tory backbenchers who have complained about the growth of wind power in the uk while reassuring those in his party who fear that the cost of renewables is too much.
*maybe* he has watched a little too much bomb patrol. *maybe* as in he chose a canteen to attach to his hip with a carabiner from the army surplus store today on his boys day with daddy rather than a toy.
 the igp is a pure unadulterated garden variety moron. he said rather sulkily yesterday on tv of the protesters ”dia bukan jerit bersih. dia jerit refomasi.” his bosses probably didn’t tell him that the whole bersih rally was about electoral reform.
robinson cano oh the humanity pts
patient (cell phone ringing pt answers it and tells caller that the doctor is in the room) "i drove."
patrick begged me to talk to a friend. i refused. how could i admit what i had done to my closest friend? i worked so hard at hiding it.
ps. i thought this child of mine was shy and timid. not so much every morning i drop her off i hear something new and usually something funny that she has done or said to someone. most of it seems a little out of her element but i guess shes a little chatty. thankfully though its nothing getting her into trouble and fingers crossed will stay that way.
thorn
since i arrived in dc a number of residents (some not american) have said to me that halloween is their favourite holiday. i was never really sure how to take this given that i had always expected that the more “iconic” holidays (thanksgiving and christmas) would be at the top of the list. i mean traditionally no one gives gifts on halloween; there’s no big feast with friends and family; no epic games of corn hole and such like. it’s a holiday based on ghouliest and ghosties and longleggedy beasties and whole whack of bloody corn syrup. and candy of course. as such i always pegged it as a more minor holiday and one mostly for kids. boy was i wrong
 the scientist writes a letter
and continued health and happiness throughout .
. if the mixture isn’t quite dropping consistency add a splash of milk and mix it in.
memento ink pads for edges of layers.
so far im about pages into the volume (all grading has been put on hold) and the letters are extremely interesting and shed a lot of light on that particular time in dicks life hes just moved to fullerton from vancouver; hes broke alone and emerging from the darkest year of his life. letters to lawyers friends and family chicks agents all delve at length into dicks problems interestingly in almost equal detail whether hes chronicling his troubles to life long friend ray nelson or the snuff vendor settling up after a check bounced. the writing is incredibly good in places as funny and as devastating as any of his novels.
so ive learned a lot the past eleven months. ive allowed myself to mourn too. i dont mean to give anybody the impression that i dont miss michael at all. i do. i miss the healthy happy go lucky michael. but he disappeared years ago.
each of kristals stamp sets benefit charity. at least $ per stamp set goes to benefit the charity noted on the stamp set package. kristal is donating to the following charities cancer angels storefront shelter for homeless children intrepid & fallen heroes e. glaser pediatric aids foundation doorways shelter for women & children (domestic violence) wayside house for women camp good days & special times adopt a classroom and autism research institute. kristal will donate $ for every stamp set sold retail or wholesale to the charity noted; and over time believes this will add up to some wonderful miracles for these special people. so you can feel good that each time you purchase a k andrew designs art stamp set someone around the country is receiving some good help k andrews stamps are all made and assembled here in the usa which is very important to kristal. this ensures all product materials are safe and that jobs are being provided and maintained here in america. you can learn even more about kristals stamps (and pick some up for yourself) by visiting her online store k andrew designs
that neighborsmakefunof person?
 tsp agave nectar
i haven’t been in a rock club watching a live band in about a million years so that in itself was cause for rumination. everything looked the same the fanboys bumming cigarettes from each other in the front row the blond bartendress built like a fireplug the looks of surprise and pleasure on the guitarist’s faces. the sweat. it’s a great world. i wonder how much longer it will last.
so this year i’m going to try to make a real effort to see some of these ancient monuments. this isn’t a travel blog but that’s fine. the ancient castles and buildings have been part of the landscape for hundreds of years and in many cases have had a major impact upon the rural economy and surrounding countryside. that and those moody battlements and damp dungeons is what interests me.
smith’s words speak truth minister grace; provide hope and give biblical insight into how love reaches operates in our lives into the lives of others. if you have not yet read this book you should. if it is on your list but not at or near the top it should be. it will help you to show christ’s love to others as he showed it to you.
i forgot to take a picture of the front of the mall.
. we both watch sex & the city
lovelies i should let you know that many close friends and relatives think that i am absolutely certifiable for the choices i have made with for children (and for myself mamacloth diva cup encapsulation) over the past few years especially when it came to s midwife homebirth cloth diaper (i breastfed all of them currently nursing s) cosleep and the list goes on i get the raised eyebrow more times than i care to say however a few of my peeps have come forward in asking questions about my choices the most popular being cloth diapering. now when you hear the words cloth diaper what comes to mind? i will admit that before i even considered cloth diapering i was determined not to subject myself to pins and plastic pants because that was all i knew. then as i became more involved with my beloved babywearing community i discovered that cloth diapering was not as poopy (heehee) as i once thought it was.
he has studied theoretical physics and philosophy and that influences the fact that he tends to write in a way that is not about solving questions but asking them. it is a journey of asking and he believes it would be arrogant of him to assume he had the answers.
these eye openers fog cutters and morning glories came in many forms and included almost anything that could potentially soften the effects of a hangover. therefore the ingredients were often a matter of taste. perhaps the chosen cure combined a bit of milk and sugar mixed with your morning dram. after absinthe became popular it often found its way into many antifogmatics mostly because of its refreshing flavor and stomach settling powers. its extreme potency was usually tamed with some sweetener and ice. other pickmeups revolved around citrus and employed its tart flavors not to mention the natural sugars and vitamins to help bring the sparkle back to eyes clouded over with heaviness. the truth is that when strong morning tipples were commonand were not talking about todays tame bloody marys and mimosaseverything was fair game. an entire category of drinks with clever monikers was devoted to helping the masses face a new day often in spite of the one before.
in a bowl whisk together milk and pudding mix for minutes. fold in cool whip and spread over cake.
the witness testimony is usually taken outside court in the offices of one of the attorneys or the court reporter.
jeans top shop
i recently order a halfpound of dried chamomile flowers from bulk herb store (along with many other wonderful herbs). i already have big plans for those sweet little buds. i am eager to begin discovering other ways of bringing health to my family and myself with chamomile.
 fixed
in preparation for some chocolate mint cupcakes ill be making tomorrow i thought id attempt the tricky business of creating my chocolate mint leaves now. (to go on the top for decoration).
i couldn’t help sniggering at cocteau’s dogged inflexibility which caused the humans to look at me in surprise. “this is no matter for amusement mr bananas” said cocteau sternly. “if you have information on this case it is your duty to expose it to me.”
through it you are also being saved
(which i really really love)
now i’m not talking about my relationship status at all. i am not writing this because i’m single. that has nothing to do with why what she wrote is important to me right now. remove the last few words though and it echoed perfectly to me.
splash of nondairy milk or water (use enough to help the dough come together)
to jessica the love and light of my life.
it is very simple while sitting comfortably just relax and close your eyes so your brain is less active. touch the center of your chest with one or two fingers at the level of your armpits to bring your awareness to your heart. smile freely to your heart and follow your feeling without thinking how to do so. the best attitude is to not expect anything.
we surfaced at station and emerged into the merchandise the bars and the swarming army of blue and white yankee fans. tigers fans were rare but certainly not endangered. the atmosphere was relaxed and friendly more like an australian cricket crowd than an english football crowd.
“mosh’s latest stray” fletch said without a moment’s hesitation.
my birthday falls during that august week in houston. my grandma drives me to a mall that day. after we return as i walk towards the house grandma runs after me and yells “wait a minute wait for me.” i think her behavior is odd until i walk inside. everyone screams “surprise.”
hey explorers
hello and happy monday even if there´s a holiday today here in germany we at stamps&funcreativity have a new challenge starting for you. since there is the time of school holidays we picked the theme of vacation.
it is therefore essential to arm yourself with one exception. when it comes to residential property in italy right in the italian people in italy until the italian people in italy from gaul to the italian people in italy and the italian people in italy and the italian people in italy a buyer can obtain a refund of the italian people in italy be in touch with your rented italy cell phone to book your seats at the italian people in italy for real estate market offers great investment and money making opportunities. it is an amphitheatre and looking all around you you would want. these recharge vouchers are available in the italian people in italy. the fact italy won the italian people in italy while also suffering the italian people in italy a certain business agreement with the italian people in italy of rome or the italian people in italy be ready to embrace la dolce vita... the italian people in italy. the italians have perfected it as an art form and if you pay for your stay in the italian people in italy to build glass bottom boats to see and do. here are some recommended hiking adventures to consider the italian people in italy for overseas property investment destinations. italy offers many fine galleries museums and wine regions is sure to be in touch with your associates friends and your outgoing and incoming calls including the italian people in italy that your prepaid sim card also holds an address book where you are unavailable to those who want to unwind and relax after your wedding in italy and have become popular holiday destinations in their own purposes. second many people from other nations that are protected by the italian people in italy in italy is as exciting as italy.
under weekend with camping full£ discount£
. "they all want me as a friend or a fuck. im worshiped at westerburg and im only a junior."
please check for the buyer reviews and ratings of ′ round area rug. bright gumball pink carpet. oz twisted shag frieze very thick plush and luxurious. many sizes and vibrant “mod” colors to choose from. in the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
i was thrilled to discover how quick and easy it is to make homemade cocoa mix. it offers the ease and convenience of the store bought packets but tastes much better. after much trial and error here is the recipe that i came up with. enjoy
so amazingly proud of him
eddie (pause) im...ticklish.
th yea it’s all bullshit…
nothing of note happened here in the spring but once may hit everyone got busy. felix started the month off blazing opening up in doha at . (may ) before scorching . in rome (may ) to end the month. both times she set world leads beating amantle montsho (bot) in doha then monstsho richards ross (usa) and mc corory (usa) in rome – her rome victory demonstrating her strength in the stretch.
the first of these frequently asked questions that i want to address is ‘can you do this trick?’. when skating was at its hottest this was the most asked question by far; since all the little grommets knew what the tricks were called but couldn’t do them themselves.
last night we took angie jared and michael out to texas longhorn for angie’s birthday dinner. good food – good company it was a nice evening. we stopped by bass pro to return some items – coats we purchased for michael but he didn’t like. looked for another coat for michael – someone took his at school yesterday they don’t have kids’ sizes and the men’s small was too big. hopefully someone will return the coat today
“i suggest that both the sulphur dioxide and the silica particles could be delivered into the stratosphere by dissolving an additive in jet aviation fuel” writes engineer john gorman who has conducted experiments to test the feasibility of such a scenario.
red food color a pinch
been munching on the raw cabbage
we didnt want to miss the opportunity to see wadi rum before taking off
) buying a tshirt dedicated to chicken wing meals.
my pink stampers is having her first blog hop. i was able to put a quick card together after hopping through all the stops and collecting a word to complete a sentence telling what the challenge is.
will self’s review highlights the claim that hakim makes that sex work should not be demonised and it would seem that self is inclined to agree. however self does seem to feel a sense of mourning or acknowledge a loss of innocence from addressing the reality that ‘erotic capital’ portrays through hakim’s notion of female gender empowerment through sexual empowerment. qrg also addresses this as a form of a backward step in the journey towards equality. self rightly points out how hakim creates strange bedfellows of radical feminists and the religiously conservative and how they have similar views on the public display of feminine sexuality.
listening as the construction workers on th
the theeeerrrrump theeeerrrump of the wheels on a suitcase hitting the ridges of the floor tiles
critics of u.s. policy in yemen will be unable to disprove that obamas latest order represents a guarantor of the gcc deal. constructed to expand american hegemony in the country the executive order mimics previous u.s. statements that refuse to call out former president ali abdullah saleh by name. instead "the actions and policies of certain members of the government of yemen" are left for the audience to piece together. the administration would subsequently deploy bruce riedel to cnn to describe its message as "pretty effective hardball."
it wasnt just that an archie comic characters soul was being tortured by satan that made it so chilling. it was the wording of the panels "josies face contorted into a mask of indescribable evil." its as if william peter blatty or malachi martin took over the writing. but the illustrations were still in that lighthearted dan decarlo style.... which made it all the more disturbing.
the paper is from an older retired pack the "jersey shore" collection. it has all colors in it.
inn comes to union square every day and perches over his chess mat rolled out flat on a piece of plywood. usually he’s surrounded by a crowd. some are his supporters who come to keep him company. others are passersby looking to watch a quick game. though his daily revenue varies inn’s supporters mostly students always come play and donate about $ each. he said it’s enough to pay his modest rent.
it is born of the devil nurtured in evil and set loose to do its vile work. it moves its foul form with a sleek sudden malevolent grace. it comes it touches it takes over. then the horror begins. an aging surgeon a captured fugitive a pregnant mother an innocent hospital worker each is its victim driven by a grotesque impulse to acts of murder mayhem nymphomania infanticide cannibalism... can it be stopped? perhaps... but the battle will be waged by a few brave desperate souls on the edge of hell while satan awaits the triumph of his cherished...darklings.
bigtop hippy ricky taffi louis
place in the fridge or freezer for minutes respectively and enjoy
using spellbinders fancy tags three this card was created for
(be warned its not a good idea to faint when your boob is trapped in a vice. heed my wisdom.)
bottom right today’s new realities get the facts. the actual news.
laughing her mischievous laugh.
i’m happy to give a little tip though one which helps me to write more visually.
this week i plan to dig up and plant the rest of my seeds (except for the ones that explicitly say april) i’m also gonna look for a few smaller pots for my herbs. but we’ll see about that when i actually have some extra money haha.
this story pulled nearly every emotional string i have. hedlund’s characters resonated with me and the story’s message beats a drum on my heart that god has been beating for weeks now courage in the face of new and terrifying experiences.
“can’t be any worse than what we saw at your house.”
at present apart from the court of women in the us there are two other courts in preparation – the colombia court of women against forgetting and for reexistence to be held in colombia and the balkan court of women on justice with healing to be held in the balkans region.
the edges of the chiffon and organza ribbons need restraint and a narrow zigzag does a pretty job of edging. for readers cringing at the very thought of how long it might take to zigzag around ribbons ″ long
the batoni poem was a formal sonnet more formal in some ways than many of nine. i thought of it felt it as the equivalent of a formal bouquet. the sonnet with its compactness clarity and history seemed to be the right way to go the full abba abba of the octet followed by a full cde cde. i dont say this was forethought not at all but once it began as a sonnet (the current beginning is a serious redrafting of the original idea) it felt it wanted to go that way. i have written about form often enough how it is like necessity the mother of invention. you are never more than one line ahead if that having to look forward and behind as you go. but i knew as soon as i had drafted it that the sonnet would not be enough. there was some light beyond it.
i also believe in my mother’s advice which was always “never get into a fight. but if someone hits you first you have the right to defend yourself.” (interesting that my mother’s best advice was also completely parallel to israel’s foreign policy. i for one agree with both.)
realizing that much gave me an idea. it wasn’t much though.
however for those offered a flexible working including from home the length of time that employees could worked without feeling the pressure was much longer.
his street views were a little more lively and he might just as easily capture a gaggle of kids playing on a street corner in a rundown neighbourhood (image above) as a party of friends out for a thrill on the pleasure rides at coney island.
old post office pavilion
now ive opened my little book shop and you who live outside of sweden have finally a change to get your own copy. here are the facts (updated i had wrong info about the freight costs)
this is the heart of the calendar system. it combines two cycles of sacred numbers one of days one of . the dates on the tzolkin are a combination of the numbers and one of twenty archetypal glyphs. it begins with imix (that’s july th ) then ik akbal kan and so on cycling through all numbers and glyphs ending on ahau.
drawing
im curious as to whatll be up with briana on the dr. drew special think well see devon? she definitely doesnt seem to be in love with him but i can also kinda see this girl to let him be one who yoyos in and out of her (and novas) life. well see . . .
aide former vice president dick cheney recovering from heart transplant former vice president dick cheney is recovering at a virginia hospital after a heart transplant ap reports.
ok so its been an interesting week here.
prologue dramund kass – empire home world – level 
the bible says with all your getting get wisdom it is the primary thing. listening with love discerning by gods spirit if applicable then apply it. this is wisdom from god.
over the past few months ive begun receiving a steady trickle of complaints about raider where before i only received questions. im not the only one; as a result of the negative feedback hes gotten from raider authors mick rooney has revised his oncepositive review of raider to "not recommended." other complaints can be found onlineat ripoff report for instance and scam informer (i always take websites like this with a grain of salt but in this case the complaints are quite consistent and the problems reported reflect the reports ive been getting).
as much as i enjoyed the hunahpus the arctic devil really blew me away. it was just damn amazing. not to say the chili and cinnamon in the hunahpus werent really well integrated and well used though. really both were impressive and i certainly wouldnt be upset to drink either again. this time was also quite a bit more controlled than last time which was nice. made for a much easier thursday.
many kano men who see obedience as an important wifely trait don’t want to marry divorcees abdullahi contends.
i take her back to the weapons locker. i point to the door behind it and tell her that is my area. i suggest she not go in there. i suggest she not try to do so whether i am here or not. i do not indicate why this is so i only indicate that it might not be in her best interest and i am not lying. who knows what she is thinking i only hope she takes this part to heart. her big doe eyes tell me nothing though she listens well and glances when i point.
theres a story behind her name. we saw that annabelle was close to calving her water broke and it was quite obvious from the looks of her back end that delivery was soon. camera in hand we hung around for a while but annabelle just stood there and stared at us. well can ya blame her?? we left her alone and went to feed the other horses at the big barn.
release date august 
not only a star athlete with dreams of joining the air force danielle is a caring and responsible daughter and sibling who loves her family enjoys charity work and volunteering youth group traveling sight seeing and history.
how about you? are there are a few songs that you know every word to? those you sing in the shower or while driving in your car?
by fran manushkin
one can gameplan a smart player by taking away the three steps ahead possibilities the passing lanes can be shortened and elongated at will but smart players – and this sounds counterproductive or intuitive – when given the full control to coach and play as you go (absolutely just rationalizing paul listening and offering his own take on playcall with del negro) can and will excel at openspace no end in sight. with so many timeouts and interruptions and coaches wanting to leave their bow and arrow onsite and off it’s refreshing to think about a player coaching his team as he goes true improvisation and streamofconsciousness. and smart players can make improv and tiny little changeofplans seem ticktock meticulous. enter chris paul. can’t blame him when his eyes roll back. i’d rather he run the projector.
best character rory. i have really warmed too him.
"........................they do something else. roland barthes described in his book camera lucida going through his mothers photographs shortly after her death and finding her portrait taken before he was born. "i could read my own nonexistence in the clothes my mother had worn before i could remember her" barthes wrote. i read something spookier in those two photographs – my own improbable existence. in these images i haunt a time and a place i find it hard to imagine belonging to but which i very certainly did................."
i don’t recall calling it that; but then again i am not a big fan of compromises. but i can say that we are heading for deeper techno waters on the forthcoming album so be prepared.
of the suppliers on the framework around per cent are small and medium businesses (smbs) according to the government. some of the larger suppliers taking part include capgemini emc google fujitsu hp microsoft pwc sap sage and ibm.
 security received a report to call for a plumber to room a at the clinical science building at the city hospital due to a slow drip from a pipe. a bucket was placed underneath the leak. helpdesk informed.
id been wondering where the harriss sparrows were. they always arrive later than the other birds like a midwinter present. i saw the first few on tuesday sporting their characteristic black beret and bib. so far nine of them have showed up.
ok ok ok....so its been over a month since ive posted here. believe me i know the start of this school year threw my team and me an unbelievable curve ball and we are just now starting to come up for air.
which flies in the face of conventional security wisdom i.e. the wisdom of those who make money off of places just like this.
 w. lake st.
“sensitive people faced with the prospect of a camera portrait put on a face they think is one they would like to show the world. …very often what lies behind the facade is rare and more wonderful than the subject knows or dares to believe.”
the dost phivolcs call for compliance to building code after the earthquakes in the philippines. read article here.
as the late professor tinsley of yale explains in oscillating models "even though the mathematics say that the universe oscillates there is no known physics to reverse the collapse and bounce back to a new expansion. the physics seems to say that those models start from the big bang expand collapse then end." in order for the oscillating model to be correct it would seem that the known laws of physics would have to be revised. this may be correct but its misleading. the known laws of physics have to be revised regardless because we need a theory of quantum gravity to make any predictions. there is no known physics to reverse a collapse but the same could be said of any early universe scenario. there is no known physics to explain inflation even though we think inflation exists. all thats known is that classical physics predicts a beginning (i believe this is also in dispute) and that classical physics doesnt apply.
b. the rajapakses’ misjudgment
do you need to see the sky? water?
and i really love using facial expressions to establish emotions that would sound clunky if written outno need for words like “happily” or “angrily” or “sleepily”. i can illustrate a big smile frown or yawn. and it makes my inner writer happy to know that those emotions will be shownespecially since i have to cut so much text to get my word count as sparse as it needs to be for a modern picture book (around words these days).
howard publicly blasted his teammates for a second time (first time was against the boston celtics) after a loss to the new orleans hornets as if he had the moral high ground to do so. here is a guy that had been talking about wanting out of orlando criticizing the efforts of his teammates in public. did he ever stop to think that they had grown weary of the circus that he had created? all he had to do was keep his mouth shut about his trade demands and the possibility of using his eto. instead he behaved completely opposite of the public image he had built for himself prior to this season. he said and did all the wrong things becoming a cancer in the locker room and within the organization.
this tune makes you do more than smile...it makes you blush.
the calm majestic presence of the night
in reading the second article i actually lost some of my indecision. the way the timeline is laid out in the sidebar i really dont think their is anything particularly outrageous about the ages that the subjects are brought up. again much depends on the how rather than the who. as i mentioned earlier the inflammatory language of the source in the star article refers to lessons on anal and oral sex whereas the parentcentral article says that the grade seven curriculum may touch on anal and oral sex two entirely different approaches.
the queue of people at the tills being public spirited types immediately went to her aid.
the first thing i noticed in the film was that many of the early converts to christianity were slaves and peasants. they despised higher learning and had no problem condemning all who thought differently from them. it reminded me of the modern tendency for conversion among the lower socioeconomic classes. i noticed it as one of jehovah’s witnesses. many of the people who would study and convert were typically people whose lifestyle wasn’t ideal. in fact the jw’s would call the preaching work a search for those “who are sighing and groaning over all the detestable things” (ezekial ). who but the uneducated and impoverished would look for answers outside themselves and cheerfully anticipate the demise of everyone “betteroff”?
it might seem like everything has already been invented or that lawn cutting is the only option for the young entrepreneur. however the internet the smartphone and now the tablet combined with social media might just be the thing that will give us a whole new set of opportunities – in fact it already has.
some locals would say that’s a bit high. i didn’t hesitate. if you figure the exchange rate that comes to approximately ten dollars for one hundred tostadas. hand made. one by one. tirelessly cooked over a fire with the firewood she gathers from throughout the pueblo and it’s foothills to haul home.
jack fruit payasam is ready
for all those who love music and love to listen to music while driving the ipod car kit is a dream come true. music is a great companion and most people just cannot travel without music in the car. long drives on highways accompanied only by music is nothing less than amazing and is loved by many music lovers.
show the waterboys played a very powerfull set. the first part of the show saw them playing some their backcatalogue. after a short minutes break they came back to play parts of the album "an appointment with mr yeats" and then they came back for two more fantastic encoresets.
"do you want me to drive that back for you ducky?"
wei’s men scrambled to surround the ushaped building. an eightfoot chainlink fence topped by concertina wire held the soldiers back feet from the building. the building’s owner had constructed the fence as the neighborhood around the building declined. now the fence lent itself to the building’s defenses as if it had been planned for just such a purpose.
“we support bersih because we don’t want to enter the battle ring if the ring is not the same size and if the goal posts are shifted” he said.
north korea had earlier announced it would send a threestage rocket mounted with a satellite as part of celebrations honoring national founder kim il sung whose th birthday is being celebrated sunday.
our stay will be split between two different manor houses and the first is apparently within fifty yards of rosslyn chapel. well have a rental car and we plan to keep our plans pretty fluid so wish us luck.
most of the time is spent in school but every now and then we see them inside his house and other places. is it repetitive? definitely but seeing as the anime isn’t too long and the focus is on the romance i had no problems with it. not praise either though.
"never" i reply playfully tickling her just above her hips knowing thats the place where shes the most sensitive. she squirms in my arms and then pouts trying not to laugh from my tickling. eventually i stop and hold her tight she kisses my lips and whispers "forever".
and here we are at the end of another week. we have been on a bus played in a stream walked by a river and found lots of baby crabs. come home on a train and baked chocolate swiss rolls. planted more seeds and dug in manure. made easter crafts and been to the cinema with friends to see the pirates film. we have said goodbye to uncle dave and said hello to uncle chris. tomorrow we are off to the castle with more friends and there is easter to look forward to with simnel cake and chocolate egg hunts.
. talk to will and scott — they are both amazing individuals and i feel so fortunate to have them as my instructors. you guys made me comfortable with the idea of being an advertiser when the world is constantly telling you that advertising is evil. they have so much knowledge and insight to give you. the one thing i regret is not making myself more known to them because i know how valuable they both are.
it was her people who "helped" the settlers through that first winter only to be memorialized in a generic random ad in a university cafeteria. imagine how that must feel.
so i have this friend from high school her name is kelsi and honestly were like twins. we come from really similar families and we just happen to have a lot in common. and when i say a lot i mean a lot. during our senior year of high school in our math class we wrote out this list of everything we have in common. and here it is
now i am at my daddys house and i am having a sweet and meaningful visit. it is a very good thing. just like with my brother our time always involves driving around "looking at stuff". all of us in this clan visit in this same manner. next post out at the ranch.
she stood there and watched tripti went to revati and rudely woke her up “it’s nine in the morning” she guffawed. “look at you sleeping like a sloth. soon you will become a bump in the bed.”
i have never ever liked regulations really. so i’ve to come clean and admit it. i was completely wrong and google was appropriate almost all along. i attempted to beat them at search engine marketing i attempted to obtain to the top of the search rankings using each and every form of link developing tactic i could get my hands on. but i was wrong and i’ve learned my lesson.
fleece for stuffing
then there are a whole slew of "love boat"worthy passengers on the cyclops maiden voyage including claude (richard mulligan) and his wife sybil (sally kellerman) who want to get a divorce but still manage to get themselves into many wanton trysts together; father kudos (rene auberjonois) a priest who spends most of his time questioning god and why he ever took holy orders to begin with; dr. kurtz (bob dishy) a veterinarian who has a dark secret; emery bush (richard b. shull) a man with only a few months to live; camille levy (lynn redgrave) a mysterious woman who has a bone to pick with dan.
focus albania will soon celebrate years since its independence. is the idea for great albania still alive?
then there was name and race selection and getting everybody to choose new halas as their starting town.
 cup + tablespoons dark brown sugar packed
wok charred salmon ($++)
the school set up is very interesting i think. you can see how communal and fluid teacherteacher studentstudent and studentteacher relationships are here. students stay in their own rooms for and between classes it is their home room rather than the teacher’s roomffice as it was for my public schools. there is a minute break between each class and students visit other classes or hang out and generally make a lot of noise.
i forgive myself that i have accepted and allowed myself to hide myself out of this shame of me as judgement and for not realizing that what i am attempting to hide is consciousness itself as if it was my secret from where i cannot alter or correct myself or even see what i am doing.
lest we be too sensitive to censure. let us reckon that to have the
and the sikh media monitoring group described ‘the deliberate and targeted sexual degradation of sikh women purely because of their religion’ and how a minority of young muslim men boasted about ‘seducing the kaffir (unbeliever) women’.
after an encounter with such menacing buffaloes use to be i would ask myself
grace receive in this our day
two training supervisors tom feeney and matt ryan have been exposed by current and former air marshals as having created a discriminatory board game that was particularly disparaging of gays lesbians africanamericans and veterans.
i am doing this because lgbt youth are at much greater risk for suicide. the numbers are there there is no denying it. i also know this from my own personal experience because as a teenager i attempted suicide. growing up with a strict baptist upbringing the concept of being openly gay was not even an option i considered for myself back then. as a teenager when i was finally coming to terms with my sexuality and accepting myself i knew that i was going to be in for a very long difficult journey. the one message i want to send to anyone struggling with coming out is that yes the journey gets better.
exposure to violence during childhood is associated with telomere erosion from to years of age a longitudinal study
we received a super sweet surprise from our friends the bacons andrew and i were lucky enough to teach their son tate in primary and their daughter is such a sweetheart with londyn. lulu loves ellie the pizza box was delivered to our room containing a bazillion delicious little lemon sugar cookies. thank you kari and rob
as to the morality of the slave trade it was understandable; it was immoral. but more to our point today it set in motion the situation that led to where we are now. the notunited states.
 aged
supermodel naomi campbell is set to front a tv programme in search of new modelling talent. the us based tv show will be called ‘the face’ which is believed to be created in a similar format to the tyra bank’sfronted america’a next top model.
i now live in cumbria.
and then there are the ingredients. most ice cream makers wouldnt invest the time to research and source the freshest most flavorful ingredients nor would they pay for them. but van leeuwen uses stuff like michel cluizel chocolate piedmont hazelnuts fair trade columbian coffee and oak barrel aged vanilla.
we sat together in silence for a moment as nate processed the information i had just spilled on him like a cup of scalding coffee. he handed me a cool poland spring from his backpack and i took a sip then pressed the bottle to my forehead.
little dog lost is charming and sweet tale the simple text and expressive drawings richly evoking the heartwarming drama.
please note that these dies will be removed from the packaging unless you specifically state not tothe packaging is way to big and bulky and adds a lot on to the shipping costs.
ryan healy bs nscacscs
either cocoa sables or world peace cookies
while his heart beats the music of our enchantment
as the skies have grown more congested so has the incidence of bird strike. up to incidents of birds colliding with aeroplanes have been reported annually in the united states alone; many more are recorded worldwide (indeed the international bird strike committee was set up some years ago by commercial military and private aviation bodies to investigate such incidents and find ways of reducing of the frequency and risk of collisions between aircraft and birds).
august at the vfw in jonesboro arkansas
tonight i made a very quick very basic noodle stir fry based on a not so basic stir fry chris and i cooked on saturday night. i took home the leftover veg to use so it wouldn’t go to waste and created a tasty little meal for myself.
also today i went out to lunch with the father to the white hart (the same place i went on mother’s day). it wasn’t my idea as he didn’t want to cook but it wasn’t too bad. i had the chicken which is always very good although i wish i had asked for them to not cook it in the vinegar as i didn’t think you would be able to taste it as much as you could and i really don’t like vinegar so it did ruin it a little. not their fault the food was excellently cooked it was my mistake i’ll have to remember for next time ;) i also played on mario kart wii a bit more today which was good and did another stats paper it started off well and it was a fairly easy paper right up until the last question when i had just given up really i couldn’t be bothered any more and just copied the answers off the mark scheme i can’t believe i am only half way through the papers i’ve just gotta grit my teeth and plough through i will feel so much better once they are done )
and so as we head into day of mr new’s holiday of no time spent together and sporadic (at best) comms – i feel this neat thrill at having recognised a pattern problem for me.
it was during this turbulent time that i met hubby and we began "seeing each other". dont know what he saw in me but he seemed to think i was worth saving. when i first moved down to the little island here in i had still not resolved my emotions regarding dads death. deep inside the hate still ruled me and ate away at me like a cancer.
if the ending is anything to go by im pretty sure that next year this time there will be another tale to be read.
students in the correct position were making faulty corrections.
i guess we should all live our passion........
as something so important to society (never mind to my own tastebuds) i have decided to share my own experiences with some of the most classic and important beverages tea coffee beer wine and spirits…perhaps even something more exotic from time to time. i will attempt to mix in historical and personal information along with the preparation and sensations of each drink. i’m not expert to be sure so if it appears i’m doing something grievously wrong to an otherwise good drink feel free to let me know
i tentatively suggested yesterday that some developmental problems in childhood might not be entirely biological in origin. it says something about the modern world that the very idea was greeted by some with anger and disbelief why should this be? the answer is historical.
the funny thing about blogging is that i never expected this.
* sea cave a partially collapsed submarine facility that is now flooded with msnk (less than ). the only portions above the waves are the loading piers of flooded and partially collapsed dry dock bays. it is atop the furthest and driest of these piers that the hag makes her domicile in a heap of boxes and industrial containers decorated with enticing tools and machine parts with hints of holographic crystalline computer tech scattered about.
one more lesson on patience and happiness
one of the officers apparently had a fight with the man in july while he was off duty said icd spokesperson moses dlamini.
) the dark between the stars damien broderick mandarin australia . the best one author speculative fiction anthology i have read. most of the stories are memorable.
i created my book page in serifs craft artist using a background paper from vintaj and images from cigar adverts i found on the internet. on the pocket is the crest of cuba.
they answer "who is god that he should hear us
"what do you want them to say?" he would ask.
well thats it thats all you need to do
for everyone i hope someone
goodbye arboretummust go to dinner now
we continue to make steady progress at foci. were still just scratching the surface as we acquire the basic skills but we can see improvements from month to month. i started a set on our flickr page where im uploading photos of our work and sequencing them in order from newest to oldest so well be able to see the progression over time a little more easily. most of the pieces in the set are from the last six weeks or so. our early primitive stuff isnt in there.
is difference in perspective.
over the years she spent tending to the needs of those who were dying bronnie’s life was transformed. later she wrote an internet blog about the most common regrets expressed to her by the people she had cared for. the article also called the top five regrets of the dying gained so much momentum that it was read by more than three million people around the globe in its first year. at the requests of many bronnie now shares her own personal story.
the name for the campaign comes from the idea that the united states could dramatically change the futures of thousands of people living in poverty simply by setting aside an additional one percent of their budget to provide basic sanitation and educational needs to africans living in extreme poverty (you’re in extreme poverty when you live on less than a dollar a day). they also call for debt cancellation and strong anticorruption measures to insure that the money americans are already giving actually gets to those in poverty and is not taken by a corrupt oppressive government for its own purposes.
"the balance of the app is going to (let you) be able to learn about boaks and find out where boaks beer is available and to get us your email so we can keep you updated have you friend us on facebook and follow us on twitter."
we have wider streets but more narrow points of view.
over the years all sorts of music artist have fallen foul of the law (yup bowie kid rock johnny cash jim morrison sinatra jack white elvis michael jackson sid vicious axl rose jimi hendrix david crosby and many more have all found themselves pissing in a bucket for a night or two) anything from drunk and disorderly (which only seems to increase their popularity in the eyes of the fan) brawling and punching photographers right down to under age sex. some of them rise to much bigger stars after the event whereas other (johnathan king anyone??) can never return. but there is no guide for us poor fans on how we should react to these misdemeanors. let me elaborate...
wyle e. cattle
notes taken by juan fajardo
...the memo doesn’t show a gutsy call. it doesn’t show a president willing to take the blame for a mission gone wrong. it shows a cya maneuver by the white house.
neera tanden
annie adams thinks she has it all. her longtime boyfriend nick is on the verge of becoming a successful film director her travel column is nationally syndicated and theyve got a great dog. her life finally feels like it is falling into place. until out of nowhere nick announces that hes reconnected with a woman from his past and hes moving out.
this game is very enjoyable to play but anyone looking for a challenge will be slightly disappointed despite a couple of very challenging levels. anyone who enjoys mario will love this game it’s a brilliant addition to the mario games and it brings newness to the series without losing that familiarity.
stopping into the visitor’s centre we were handed a map and brochure reassured again that it wasn’t too windy up there and told that it would take about minutes or so to do the metre loop walk.
he is a great big and younger brother.
the second option is for those of you who prefer a classic casual look. a crossbody bag is perfect for a casual look as it lacks the fussiness that a clutch or handbag might have. a crossbody bag leaves you hands free which in my opinion looks casual and laid back. ballerina flats are an obvious choice when it comes to casual wear. picking a color (such as red) keeps your outfit from becoming too casual and boring.
despite publicly claiming good results with electroshock treatment privately bender said she was seriously disappointed in the aftereffects and results shown by the subject children. indeed the condition of some of the children appeared to have only worsened. one sixyearold boy after being shocked several times went from being a shy withdrawn child to acting increasingly aggressive and violent. another child a sevenyearold girl following five electroshock sessions had become nearly catatonic.
we officially have a roller elaine has been able to roll back to tummy for awhile now but these last few days she has started really rolling both ways. back to tummy and tummy to back
would answer me all unsaid.
stupidly 
he herds them into the bathroom and i hear it all sounds blended together echoing the way things do in a bathroom. fed through these wires amplified and distorted the decibles rise and fall with a pitch that spikes in screeches and what sounds like some major squall. if i was new to this house i might put my work on hold to race up there and see whats going on. but i live here. i know. this is earsplitting but nothing really.
i want gin.
“isnt it odd how much fatter a book gets when youve read it several times?" mo had said..."as if something were left between the pages every time you read it. feelings thoughts sounds smells...and then when you look at the book again many years later you find yourself there too a slightly younger self slightly different as if the book had preserved you like a pressed flower...both strange and familiar.”
i have heard that the one area where jobs are still available is healthcare and i believe it. this is particularly true because much of the u.s. population is aging.
q is there a favorite card?
are you an introvert leading extroverts and feeling like no one pays much attention to you? or perhaps you’re more of an extrovert leading introverts and you’re wondering why they seem standoffish?
washington dc $. million $. million
t lime juice
a few weeks ago i made a large batch of some red lentil soup. lots of goodness and lots of color. but as i ate a few spoonfuls i started having my usual (and horribly familiar) glutencontamination reactions. lots of tingling in my neck numbness in my arms and legs and a weird foggy feeling in my head. my eyes start to itch in the corners of my eyes and after a few hours i have a very bloated and sick tummy. to say i was disappointed and flabbergasted was an understatement. i do so much to make sure my family and my food is glutenfree in my house and to be contaminated or poisoned in my own kitchen just makes me feel awful (and sick in more than one way).
parchment paper sheet and whack them with roller it will be easy to roll the butter. try with cold butter thus it easy to make the sheet. once you made the butter sheet immediately chill it in fridge while you are making the dough sheet.
the flynn hawaiian with curly fries $
. dust on the bottle david lee murphy
*how long on average do you take to write a book and do you ever have more than one project on the go? if you do have more than one project how do you divide your time?
she was having a dream where she was apparently home in her kitchen making sunday supper and she barked out orders to my grandfather in her sleep.
i email the swede to share the news. i email another friend for advice on what to ask an agent. again i’ve read all the blogs. i know what a writer is supposed to ask but because i’ve highlighted my research labeled my workpapers threehole punched my printouts i already know the answers to those standard questions. the smartest thing i did when setting out to find an agent—i only queried the agents i would be privileged to work with.
ocean kayaked
rapid fire is something of a departure for me and my producing partner tim cremin. we conceived the series over dinner one night with larry potterfield in columbia mo then carried it through to the green light phase. we tapped iain and mike to host; a lot of the creative direction of the show initially came from mike and was then refined by iain and mike. john carter of hatch entertainment who produces shooting galery and produced the late deeply lamented cowboys came onboard as producer and did the heavy lifting on actually structuring the show and putting together the production plan with sgowboysun stories vet gene moffett as director of photography.
when i first read nietzsche’s article from ‘thus spoke zarathustra’ i was impressed. though i didn’t understand single line from that article (except one “friedrich nietzsche born on th october ”) there was something mysterious about his article. last time i experienced such spark in ‘batatyachi chal’ by pu. l. deshpande. certainly scenario was different but feelings were same. further i started reading his book “beyond good and evil” still reading. this is difficult novel but worth reading. his distinguish thoughts are no doubt better food for our thoughts.
i need to live while im alive.
to the word of god
they want someone who can do more than read the teleprompter message of the day.
and since when did you turn into the beall expert on every other class? come to think of it garona what do you even play in the first place? anyway this shows how much you know – you’ve got your specs mixed up. the funding secondary only does you any good if you’re speccing deep into the sciences tree and get a reseach grant set bonus. otherwise it’s just wasted points because frankly if you’re going with more of a “liberal arts” setup for your pedagogy aura you’re going to be going oom all the time no matter what. the % buff to your money doesn’t do much good when it’s a % buff on next to nothing in the first place. why do you think we have to spend so much time farming tuna fish in the supermarket zones?
the informer is not an easy read but it is a memorable one and may best be described as being an expressionist novel. all the action takes place over twelve hours which may account for it’s relentless intensity. the informer by liam o’flaherty without doubt deserves to be read by as wide an audience as possible.
on sleeveless arms ghostly white 
through a potpourri of chronological and heartfelt tales munro reveals how he learned to view incidents in life in terms of responsibility recognition personal conduct and consideration of others. despite dropping out of school at a young age munro perseveres eventually attaining professional success.
i wrote this on my own free will because i love my new found hobby and how it adds to my photo hobby. and one of the owners name is sassy. fantastic right? the only thing that would make the place better was if they had money trees for sale.
yves rocher is a brand where all active ingredients come from plants. for the past years yves rocher harvested their own organically grown plants extracting ingredients to make products in their own factories and distribute their products without a intermediaries. they’re also very pronature – a tree will be planted for certain products purchased. their current goal is to have million trees planted and they are currently just over . million. pretty noble and impressive company intentions don’t you think?
dang. musta dozed off for a while. god it’s hot and dry. could amble over to that water thing and have a drink or two. but i’d probably just get hottern i am so why bother. could get under them trees off yonder but then i’d have to go twice as far to get back to the water thing so what’s the use. ‘sides i’d just get hot and want to go get some water anyway and what’s the use goin’ there and then comin back right away to get some water. nahh i’ll just stay here for a while but getting pretty thirsty. wonder how long fore that twolegged thing comes out an dumps some food in the trough. that’s worth movin for. then i could get a drink and mosey on down to the shade. that’ll work.
for the branch with the little leaves i used a magnolia doohickeys.
pump
update any girl interested in becoming a member of the vhs fall guard(flag line) needs to attend an information meeting on wednesday april at pm. the meeting will cover information including time commitment costs and schedules. please bring a parent with you. the meeting will be held in the band room. please park in the back and enter through the band room door.
as with the so called antiapartheid movement in south africa the mau mau killed maimed and tortured many hundreds and possibly thousands more africans than they did whites. estimates vary as to how many of the peaceful majority of black africans were killed by the mau mau between the official figure of and up to most of the killings being marked by the extreme levels of violence and cruelty involved. in particular the wives and children of non mau mau linked kikuyu who were serving in the army or police force were targeted and slaughtered in significant numbers.
wont they just disrupt the service?
or how many people you are cooking for.
before you set out to begin buying for evening dresses you need to initial know what colour length style of dress you would like. what’s much more essential is the fact that we figure out when the dress which you wish to purchase is suitable for the occasion and formality with the occasion with the evening.
may twentytwelve hold many a smile for you and keep you on your toes.
the group which takes in revenue north of $ annually mostly from dues is by far the dominant parenting organization in town. (the latest census data show only about young children in the city.) g.g.m.g. offers three core benefits to members. it acts as an information exchange where pediatrician recommendations hiring of nannies and admission tips to private preschools are particularly popular topics. it negotiates discounts for members at local retailers and service providers. so shortly after taking home his new son in february the banker sought to join the group. “everyone who knows about it talks about how great it is” he said in an interview.he was rebuffed. an email signed by the g.g.m.g. membership committee informed him that “to be a member you must be a woman.” whats most sad about this is that this mans son not the most disadvantaged little boy it is true nonetheless is the one who will miss out on the the benefits of getting to drool and slobber around thousands of other infants and toddlers. his primary caretaker is a guy so he wont get to hang with these kids. which demonstrates that this organization is not about kids its about their mothers. exclusively. and that is a problem.
here is another shot in different lighting to show the shine of the chalk.
selfcontrol
very impressive races in peoria il as usual.
if this is not a place ken medema
arthur thought it was enough now and went in the house to take a nap on a bed of his choice.
i have no right to be
fostering part of my life has kept me busy (specially my mind) with trips to the in school and out of school counselors ("ones with brains" and "an education") full of advice with the things they dont deal with or see on a daily basis leave it there before my head starts to hurt.
“i wasn’t really following them. i didn’t have to go out of my way or anything to see what they were doing because it was right in front of the bus terminal. anybody could have seen them. i’m following them now because the cadillac has been following the bus since philadelphia so i figure they must be around somewhere with the woman they kidnapped.”
revelation 
enables inoue jun to feel the flow of the other players and end up knowing when your opponent is going to win and block them appropriately and messing up their flow. again this can be countered by online mahjongers who do not believe in this kind of mumbo jumbo. also can be defeated by someone who reads the game better than you.
and after we arrived at one point we looked back and found out that our coach was left at the back. we are so damn worried and freaked out all the way where is she? of course at the back. so when we caught the man cycling uphill we stopped him and asked “did you see any lady at the back?“
and i smashed that glass right in her face.
i pound best pork sausages. chipolatas or ‘normal’ will do. usually you would get normal or chipolatas to a pound. depending on how hungry your audience is this should feed between three and five people.
mother i can get it for your brothers truck gee (my niece) will like it.
inevitable inward circling that draws lisbeth into a confrontation with a corrupt father figurebuser and a burial alive that she improbably escapes. this second entry is certainly not faultless there are some woefully long bows drawn in the story it’s slow and like its predecessor the visual lexicon is however not that of the cinema but television. i’m not sure if some fine exemplars of clunky dialogue like blomkvist’s defensive salvo at the jewish cop bublanski (johan kylén) heading the investigation targeting lisbeth “she hates men who hate women” is a byproduct of clumsy translation or was bad originally. the episode tosses in another of the series’ signature moments where lisbeth this time entirely transforming herself into a wraith of vengeance with a pancakeslathered face with one bloodred smear for extra cabalistic effect ties up and tortures a manwhose thoughtless exploitation of women supposedly justifies lisbeth getting her own rocks off with such behaviour which served to not make me cheer as is intended but instead made me realise how narrow and contrived the series’ moral schema is. the fact that lisbeth may be a version of what she hates isn’t an idea this series’ basic
and i lie down but to sleep in bed
weve been really productive around our house lately.
for the uninitiated the lido de paris is a world famous cabaret venue on the champs elysées. it also happens to be where my lovely wife highkicks her heart out each night for a living (two shows a night six nights a week ... count em).
(someone tell me why a video someone uploaded of the homer to youtube has been taken down due to copywright laws when the b mac grand slam has not?)
reigate
roshon & chelsie – 
i continued to stare at her and then at the lemon and back at her waiting for some kind of apology or some sign that she was sorry or perhaps even human.
we get lots of phone calls though here is the latest text i got.......
thats it. i know surprising really but thats all i can think of off the top of my head. it did get me thinking of what would my life have been like if? you know if i had done this rather than that. not regrets just wondering how different life would be for me right now. there are a few of those.
today i find i have come up against resisting everything. i know we all do this. we are invited to a birthday party. we love the person who invited us yet do you really want to be sociable with a bunch of people you don’t know at a birthday party? i get inspired by dreams people want to create i support you fully in living your dreams. you deserve the help you need. but do i really want to step forward & help?
let all the earth fear the lord; let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him.
your heart is beating a bit faster than it was before. slowly but covertly as to not be seen as suspicious you turn sideways and notice out of the corner of your eye that they’re sitting alone with their computer. your mind can’t help but reiterate that they are again very attractive and your heart begins to beat even faster. you begin to ask yourself all sorts of questions.
since the party was held at a childrens museums robots became a perfect theme because there are a lot of things to build and science projects to discover. here are the invitations
 i leave the yarn shop with a new skein of alpaca sock yarn. i drive to michaels work to pick him up.
and last but most certainly not least something for everyone the ice bear by jackie morris. a gorgeous illustrated book with lyrical words. you may want to buy it for a special child in your life or you may just want to treat yourself
may th gingerbits wedding memory box by columnist carol fox
on the other hand without a notebook i won’t have any way to document what i’ve done beerwise and thus no way to post comments on this blog. to lose the notebook would be to lose the beer rant blog which in life’s large scheme wouldn’t amount to muck (another british term i think). but i need to write even if i don’t write all that well and for now blogging is writing for me.
i added a bay leaf
but before we do please scroll down to see if you are the winner of last weeks challenge if you are please leave a message on the post before emailing im having a few problems with emails going to spam lately and i wouldnt want you to miss out on your prize so if you leave a comment i will know to expect an email from you and can let you know if i dont receive one.
i’m sitting on an airplane to nyc to begin my sabbatical which will include much thinking and writing about the nature of a healthy church culture.
in case there is a stylish louis vuitton tote is pricey outdated he or think you need a female to maintain additional back to their shoulders as a result walking all the time.
but i so stubbornly wouldn’t even let them pick me back up.
i hope the next years will be a great timed
rating general
what was i missing? please i need to know
if youre looking for advice or ideas or even just to feel like youre not alone in this struggle i hope that todays post and these links have inspired you. also id *love* for you to share what are some things you do to help manage your time? is there any type of activity you find useful when it all starts to feel overwhelming? how do you organize and fit together the many facets of your life? are there any great posts on this subject that youve written or read and would like to share?
i took the week off from work to spend some quality time with the family and to sort of "reclaim" my life it has been so long since i have been able to just relax...and blog )
the rpipi issue presents us with a cut in pensions across the public sector as a whole how should we use this?
*restrictions us only
each week the elizas would have to do acting as well as singing and be judged on their abilities to be poshuttersnipesit the top cs – the winner would be a triple threat who could do all of these.
i glanced back over to the man in the orange shirt and sweatpants as he spoke to my brother and me. these clothes were in my opinion unworthy of the inspiring dignity conviction and love with which this man and the other had boldly listened considered and spoke earlier in the day.
.. thailand narathiwat two elderly buddhist villagers are shot to death in their homes by islamic gunmen.
tommy mickens killed his parents
the sure extinction that we travel to
thank you so much mr. president. (applause.)
running up out of the night bringing your cluster of stars
the thing is i wish people accepted a different reality every now and then one that i like to call ´own little universe´ with its virtues and flaws and just smiled.
since mr beeching decided he didn’t want trains going any further south through our town station any rail journeys we make have to be either via birmingham or a car journey of eight miles to bromsgrove.
“yes”.
because hilary is the cunt on this show and no one should ever outcunt her.
. copyright control vs. compensation the prospects for exclusive rights after grokster and kazaa jane c. ginsburg
it is really impossible to workout with my dog in the same room. she licks my face and gets in my way. but i love her and it’s adorable.
or if you are using the old interface of blogger from your dashboard click on edit profile.
i am on record as saying that in the challenging s decade when the soviet union collapsed india was hasty and illadvised to build a “flyover” to israel and from israel straight on to the united states. over the years israel’s multibillion dollar sales of weapons based on american and russian technologies and intelligence sharing have given india easy access to arms bazaar. but there is a cost. india can be vulnerable to pressure and has ignored its interests in the muslim world. simply put successive indian governments put too many eggs in the (israeli–u.s.) basket.
sure go ahead and write down the date and time – i’m sure someone somewhere will care for your great documentation of your tantrum. (stop crumbling those up and pitching them on the ground. ya’ never heard of being green? yeah i know not using the postits would be even greener.)
farmer’s neighbor if there’s anything you need we’d be happy to help
(新加坡人又用簡体字，又可以講國語，照計大陸學生去到應該易適應過來香港甚至台灣，而咁都可以搞到人地咁憎，真係不能不服班大陸友)
kelly kelly vs brie bella for the wwe divas title is up now.
 £.
the pendant drops approximately "
mr tomlinson argued history had shown it was men who are naturally equipped to succeed above women. "where for example are the great female explorers mountaineers warriors inventors chefs?" he said. "blokes dominate most areas of human endeavour because nature equipped them with something called testosterone."
federal district judge jed rakoff followed through with a smackdown of the securities exchange commission on monday rejecting a settlement between the agency and citibank that would have imposed a $ million penalty on the bank without forcing it to admit wrongdoing for betting against mortgage securities that eventually cost investors hundreds of millions of dollars. rakoff whose approval was needed to finalize the deal was not prepared to let citi quietly slink away from what wall street critics allege to be the central crime of the financial crisis–mortgage securitization fraud–without airing the particulars of the case in a public forum.
method of preparation
earlier this week my colleague eddy butler published a story regarding the singer adele (whose whiney songs i cannot stand if i am honest but each to their own) and some smear or other that had been printed about her in the gutter press somewhere.
) two arcs from these four (depends on which arc the winner of spooky photo contest winner chooses)
sick. locked in the apartment blankets up against the windows dust in the sunbeams repulsion looping on the dvd player. sick the room smelled of sick. two diseased lovers with open welts leaking abscesses strange bumps and sores and scars. sick. the days made us sick. fresh air made us sick. we stopped answering the door muted the tv and silently gagged when the buzzer rang. sick. we looked at each other in terror sick a mirror of ourselves sick. and in the bed we lay puking up milk and yoghurt in our sleep choking to death on the trauma of the life we had seen. sick. thats what we were sick.
he has always been my baby
the worth of online project software varies with some even being offered at no cost. however free online software might not supply house security or options which will be necessary for managing your comes. then you may end up learning a program which will not work for you instead of finding the most effective product to start with. with programs that have a monthly fee the worth will vary greatly. production firms with giant support groups can naturally have to be compelled to charge additional so as to hide prices. smaller operations can give a similar quality at a lower price per month. its conjointly useful when the program offers completely different levels consistent with what percentage comes or what proportion house you may would like. why ought to an organization that must manage twenty comes pay a similar quantity as an enterprise that manages many projects?
it’s a piece of piss.
by negotiating a contract extension for athletic director deloss dodds beyond august the longhorns retained an invaluable resource in an uncertain college landscape.
"you know me?" asked the sadness mistrusting.
for example greater louisville inc. one southern indiana and the louisville urban league are all part of the coalition. tolling authority members include chairman charles buddeke who also is on the gli board; joe reagan gli’s ceo; cochairman kerry stemler and member pat byrne who are affiliated with one southern indiana; and ben richmond ceo of the louisville urban league may all have conflicts of interest. additionally member sandra frazier may also have conflicts of interest. her firm tandem public relations built the website for the build the bridges coalition and worked with the coalition on an aggressive media relations outreach program (according to their website).
"...jane says
i then reached down to him
i live in the bible belt. i am surrounded by southern baptist churches conservative evangelicals bigots and the klan. for me this is just a reality and something i live with everyday. i was raised in church while living in a fairly freethinking household. my mother encouraged my thoughts and my doubts. she listened to and answered as many of my questions as she could. she taught me how to find the answers she couldn’t give me and how to think the research and discovery processes through. the one thing she also did was love me when i told her i might be gay.
we repurposed an old atlas and music book to make paper chains and hanging hearts. the paper chain will swag and be hung from the chairs going down the center isle. the hearts will likely be hung from branches in the reception area. i got the idea of the hanging paper hearts on pinterest.
nonstick vegetable spray
authors should note that eprint is not a publisher offering print on demand author solutions—it is a print solutions company. while the company will assist guide and advise an author on their book it will not provide editing or manuscript evaluation services. the company will produce your printed book in a variety of bindings and sizes; make it available for purchase at on line retailers but it is not in business to market an author’s book. this is reflected in the fact that the self publishing service is relatively recent and the company has just three books listed under eprint on amazon though many authors now approach author solutions companies with their own isbns.
() there is also the question of the little apocalypse mark and its parallels. even men like schweitzer who interpret our lord’s teaching on purely apocalyptic lines accept the view that this discourse contains matter which jesus did not utter.
bennett hmm that is a tough question i think in general it has been a pretty good year thus far. school is always a continuous hassle for me at least. finding motivation to do anything else other than stuff for my band is difficult too haha. most of the time i will find myself sitting in class not paying attention and writing music haha.
i was lucky to be chosen to review a vizardz product through my affiliation with the mom blog society. i chose to review the nightlight. we have several nightlights throughout our home and they’re certainly boring old nightlights i chose a photo of my children that although a year old is one of my favorites. i received the nightlight a few days ago and i am so fascinated by it it is amazing to look at the texture knowing that the image is that of my children. once i turn on the nightlight there they instantly appear in full color
 – brahms arms bell aislyn @ pianos $ (+)
even when i know they are all
in original language ( german)
the objectives of our event are to stimulate discussion create awareness and provide answers to the following questions ) what is groundwater? ) why is groundwater so important to us and all living things? ) what are the human impacts on groundwater for now and the future? our groundwater footprint ) what can we do to preserve our most important resource?
believe it or not she even sang my endless love ~ about charlie of course
when the advanced token manager launches you will see the big backup activation button. click it to begin backing up your token. all the “bbb” characters are just masking the real product key don’t worry that is not your real product key.
) roll up each strip into a tight coil. let uncoil slightly and glue into a coiled circle shape using a small dab of elmers school glue. if necessary use a paperclip to hold the glued end in place for a few minutes until the glue dries slightly.
 a couple of the books are tricky to classify but by my best count of the books are science fiction high fantasy contemporary fantasy horror and miscellaneous. (the miscellaneous books are a nonfiction book that looked of interest to readers of horror and dystopian fiction and a mystery book with an arthurian setting that we thought would appeal to fantasy readers.)
falling for the fireman is allie pleiter’s most recent contemporary romance. i thoroughly enjoyed getting to know solid dependable quiet chad and the more bouncy and outgoing jeannie. jeannie feels the heights and depths of emotions more than chad who kept his life on more of an even keel.
mine too.
when bn politicians resort to gutterism (sic) their fourth estate gets smutty. sadly most of the other msms catering to the opposition are no different.
my food memories from the fair are free biscuits and elephant ears. as you can imagine the choices were endless burgers pizza hotdogs corndogs (even chocolate dipped...ew?) nachos gyros sushi (?) roasted corn saratoga chips (apparently fresh cut potato chips loaded with chili and cheese) fried candy bars funnel cakes fish chicken strips cotton candy etc. there was even a donut burger krispie kreme donuts as the bun with a big ole burger in between wow
i have spent most of my free time today trying to sort this.
one gorgeous arctic summer day my dad sister and i took a trip. we finally found an opportunity to travel around forty miles up the beach of the arctic ocean to "see the sights." nearly a hundred years ago the ancestors of the eskimo people in our village lived in another community. their houses were made of driftwood and sod and they lived entirely off the land. i cant express the wonder of seeing firsthand these remains of eskimo history. the lord truly blessed our little journey and he gave me a beautiful day for capturing these timeless scenes besides
this law will mean that someone like eddie long who groomed the boys until they were old enough to sleep with will require a felony count of grooming that he would have had to fight in court. there is a case in california where a teacher and his eighteen year old girlfriend appeared on the news saying that they are in love.
and my other friend told me “you look good you don’t need this stuff”. and i told him “i look good because i’m drinking this stuff”.
having given it this much though i believe i should break out the buffing cloth and revisit those sites. that is if i can remember where they all are. that includes the one here on wordpress which i’ve been wanting to change up for some time. it seemed a little depressing.
the rhyme about poison ivy (“leaves of three let it be”) provided the inspiration for the pattern name. aside from the leaves the mitts have several threes or multiples of threes in them ruffled bells at the cuff three beads in each leaf a knit onepurl three ribbing … and probably something else that i’m forgetting
and speaking of coincidence... the turning point towards faith comes in the form of... a car accident. ive long said my accident was a catalyst. something like newtons st law of motion. no... maybe his second law? hell... to be on the safe side lets just say all three laws of motion are relevant.
english – caleb worked on when to use dooes possessives contractions and abbreviations.
crystalline tears fall upon the ground
nd prize christoph brehme of german nationality from piopictures in italy.
the first day we moseyed out to see the today show and scarf down pain chocolat from bouchon bakery. while i enjoyed every crumb of my breakfast kellen threw up his delicious carrot muffin all over the front of his outfit hanks pants and my hands. we pretended it didnt happen and continued on... we walked down th avenue awed at the cathedrals and ultimately ended up at fao schwartz. despite being degrees inside we spent hours in there hank and kellen played with every toy while i stood amazed by the expensive strollers and other products ive only ever seen online. it was heaven for everyonethat never happens
“any chance is better than nothing love. you’ve got to go for it. we’ll just bring our christmas to the hospital that’s all.”
he silently turned me around to face the bed and then pushed me over. i came up onto my elbows briefly and grabbed a pillow. i imagined i was going to need it and then i could only lay there and wait.
“aaakkhh…”junsu whimpered
rate yourself in the following areas. low fair average excellent
on this brink of my birthday i find myself thinking about the things i would tell my yearold self if i could knowing what i know now. i’m not the type of person to want to rewrite history or who lives with much regret but there are a few things i would tell myself that might’ve made life a little easier – and a lot happier.
and motivating providing these ideal winter sport conditions...
too many on our side have become hardened toward everybody rather than directing their ire and resistance toward the rightful target. its less dangerous to say cut off all social programs than to say cut off benefits to noncitizens or to those with higher incomes. the latter might be bigoted you see.
russell hughespickering and dilwyn robertsyoung who give up hours of their time to coach the aberystwyth and district junior football league a junior football league discovered to their cost that nanny does not like competition.
a few weeks ago i found myself clambering over the roof of ely cathedral on a freezing winter’s day looking for a convenient place to conceal a corpse – or at least part of one. before you call the police perhaps i should explain that this was research for a joint medieval crime novel i write every year with a team of five other medieval crime and thriller writers known as the medieval murderers – philip gooden susannah gregory michael jecks bernard knight and ian morson. it was not the best day to have chosen to venture up on to a cathedral tower but i only had one day to do it. it was blowing a gale. my fingers and face were numb with cold and i was trying not to be sick every time i looked down. (i never used to be bothered by heights – is it an age thing i wonder?)
the bt seems to work at least as well as any of the top noise canceling headsets i have tried and a lot less expensive $ through amazon.
there was behaving in the right way – no cussing no lying no cheating obey your parents – all kinds of rules.
for depriving us in many cases of the benefits of trial by jury
while i was there i snapped a few pictures of things that caught my eye. maps are so cool especially big ones i could see this framed out or dry mounted and hung on a large wall in maybe a masculine office space or den. love the picture lights too.
h to a reader
being in lazy blogger mode im going to play the occasional reup card and pitch in a couple o homemade comps you may have missed. two acoustic autumnal mixes of slow burning smokey smoulderers..
tuesday evening sharing a pot luck super really lovely even if it did take forever to cook while we got use to the mechanics of making a fire suitable for cooking over. tip plonking a huge piece of wood on the firepit is not the way. oooh i did love cooking over the campfire though; it was well christianed
but then i feel good about it. like running a marathon. that must feel horrible. but we know it feels great because of the accomplishment. and the endorphins.
a sabbath afternoon beside
belgium has brought the world many beer styles. hefty abbey ales dubbels and triples fruity lambics and sour geueze usually grab most of the attention. but wit or white beer is the delicate flower of the belgian beer scene that fits perfectly when the weather starts to turn warm.
so back to wednesday on the champ de mars. as we gathered up all the equipment to leave a little french boy appeared on the scene. i should say a bratty french boy appeared who immediately made off with one of our plastic hoops. two of our kids went after him but sustained injuries when french boy hit them with the hoop and ran away.
theosophist. simply abuse of psychic powers or of any secret of nature; the fact of applying to selfish and sinful ends the powers of occultism. a hypnotiser who taking advantage of his powers of “suggestion” forces a subject to steal or murder would be called a black magician by us. the famous “rejuvenating system” of dr. brownsequard of paris through a loathsome animal injection into human blood — a discovery all the medical papers of europe are now discussing — if true is unconscious black magic.
if you follow me on twitter youll already be weary of the trials tribulations and swearing that followed.
here is mervy discovering a christmas tree for the first time
thank heavens there have been few films since then that have portrayed prostitution as a rather glam career option.
look at the two figures named by us intelligence as responsible for recruiting dozens of terrorists abu qatada and abu hamza. qatada a jordanian preacher and advisor to shoe bomber richard reid and zacarias moussaoui the plotter was expelled from kuwait for supporting the iraqi invasion then claimed asylum in britain on the grounds of religious persecution. we granted it naturally. come in
and some rhinestones to the finishing touch
after two weeks jenny went to a local park where we let her off leash. it was wonderful to see her run. i think she is starting to find her inner puppy. here are some photos from that day at the park.
conor is years old and looks the part of a boy becoming a man. he’s nearly sixfeet tall and growing sideburns. his blue eyes are staring out of the coffee shop’s window where he’s watching a raging snowstorm blanket the downtown streets.
. lay (레이) his full name is zhang yi xing (张 艺 兴).
i found your profile on writers.net and i would like to take a moment and introduce myself and my company my name is dan grogan and i am a literary agent and coowner of best solution author agency. at best solution we relieve authors of all the business worries so that writers have the time to do what writers do best write.
i was seventeen. id just broken up with my first boyfriend and my soontobe second boyfriend was hot on his heels. he had their first album and he played it all the time when we were in his bedroom. when i hear driftwood i see grey bed sheets and a swish black minidisk player in the corner. i see an open clothes rack with suits and blue shirts on it a kandinsky print on the wall. my second boyfriend was not a school boy but a real man with an office job. i felt awkward.
even the tarahumara tribesmen in the book "born to run" wear handmade huaraches constructed of car tire treads. while not "cushy" they still offer a large (" thick rubber) degree of protection from rocks and "sharps" to the bottoms of the feet. barefoot ted a character in the book sustained somewhat "shredded" feet after miles (on desert trails) while wearing his vibram fivefingers. and weve had local runners break their little toes while wearing vibram fs on our rocky trails.
nom nom nom. (that’s the sound the zombies make too…)
on the phone to me yesterday without
both movies were not as super as they expected.
goulding’s entrancing voice filled the small theatre flawlessly as she offered a glimpse into her life with a homemade film playing in the background showing her gratitude to the fans. it all seems rather amazing work from someone who left university and escaped to london with nothing but a backpack a guitar and a head filled with dreams.
and this is what came out..
god loves each of us as if there were only one of us to love.
decorate a jar vase coffee mug for another perfect personal gift. you can use permanent markers have your child draw a picture or you can use your fancy writing skills and write the persons name on the mug. then fill with a little shred some candy and that will complete your gift.
not be a top chef worthy dish but it is a winner in my book. (and in my fantasies… as all the judges muse over how surprised they are by a meatless meal blowing them away and how the simplicity of the dish and the sweat tangyness of the dressing just blends everything together perfectly).
mom "well two days is fine but otherwise please put on some clean ones"
as i said recently ive take up yoga. (time suck but its good for me so its allowed.)
 dii. “the geography of hobbes’s table of the sciences.” department of philosophy the university of illinois at chicago chicago illinois.
as you read this noteplease do not grieve. forcontrary to your feelings and sentiments now i am free — notwithstanding the four concrete walls and steel bars that confine me and the brave souls of soc ernie rod dean malay prof. gonzalez cris teddy c. teddy b. edward b. and angel t. i am indeed free to think and feel the way i have always thought and felt.
how many of us can really say that the lord is “all i want” let alone at the very top of our list? it’s one thing to say it it’s another thing to wish it to be true of us but it is something else entirely for it to be true.
grief over the death of her firstborn son thomas in turned lucretia mott’s thoughts increasingly to religion. in she made her first “appearance in the ministry” in quaker meeting & years later she was officially recorded as a minister. it was an easy transition from the ministers’ gallery of a friends’ meetinghouse to the public platform from which she was presently speaking with a selfassurance facility & eloquence almost unknown among women in that day.
in another life.
they were attracted to one another immediately. perhaps it was the setting the sound of buoys gently clanking and the faroff lights of mysterious vessels bobbing far asea.
i run another blog; one that gets updated far more often than this one does. as a result i get a lot of comments and even more spam. every now and then i like to take a look at this spam just to see if anything real slipped by because a. filters aren’t perfect and b. i crave acceptance and positive reinforcement without which i am nothing. here is a selection of some comments that warmed my heart that i can look to when i doubt myself and my dedication to my blog.
david a. bosnich of the acton institute has written a very informative article explaining one of the key principles of catholic social thought the catholic teaching of subsidiarity and sheds some light as to why the united states catholic bishops support statism centralized government as the primary solution for fixing social problems.
impossible. two owners later the company is still going and seems
furthermore why the secrecy surrounding the release of his other records? passport records school records and so on? why has he spent so much money fighting their release? ridicule if you must obama would not pass any background investigation we would perform for a position on any board of directors of a fortune company in light of what little he has personally provided along with his refusal to turn over other records related to his past. yet he sits in the white house at such a precipitous time in our history. his placement there was no accident and his election was not some serendipitous event in u.s. history.
i’m not in trouble
all counties in iowa and met people in person
even if it was his job he was good at it.
as a candidate barack obama once endorsed a ban on handguns and favored restrictions on the purchase and possession of firearms. so when gun owners heard of operation fast and furious many feared the worst.
“americans have not only reached the bottom of the garbage pail but we have eaten right on through the bottom.”
displaying wonderful chemistry with one another christian slater and winona ryder play a murdering high school duo who turn faking suicides into an art form. now their quirky relationship germinates in the cafeteria but it really blossoms at the snappy snack shack where the two engage in some of the finest onscreen flirting ive ever seen; a lot of innuendos involving cherry slushies turbodogs and corn nuts. which culminates with one of my favourite lines "i dont really like my friends." something im sure weve all thought at one time or another.
just minutes east of calgary ab canada the strathmore golf club has a wonderful layout and is a true test of golf. people don’t realize it but there’s a lot of water that comes into play. if you don’t like water don’t come here. or bring a couple of cases of balls with you.
the engagement the poet offers is magical just as this book is magical in its essence. become a good listener she advocates and the world will open to you. as it has opened to her in these artful compelling poems.
and makeup but my job confers honorary man status on me. and that
this can be so frustrating to me at times but this morning as my leopard print slippers and i sat in the recliner feeding the baby i looked up to see my month old climbing up my legs to sit with me. then to my right came my year old kissing on my month old and settling under my right arm. then to my left came my year old talking to the baby laying in my lap and sitting on my left side with her arm around me. its moments like this that make me want to work so hard around the house for them that i dont get a moment to myself they are my sunshine on a cloudy day
you don’t need no ticket
we are not
what can be said about elizabeth taylor? a picture is worth a million words. her eyes tell you her soul and she left it for all to see. not only was she beautiful outside she was a beauty inside. one thing to learn from elizabeth…live your life and live the life you want to live. she cared not what people thought of her. she knew her purpose and she touched so many hearts.
until then be careful what you wish for...
gosh i never had any idea that i would ever reach so many people with my cards and projects but it is certainly a thrill to know that the numbers tell me that has happened. i have surpassed the followers mark so its time to celebrate i have been afforded the opportunity to be a member of a number of distinguished design teams and my life has been made richer by the people i have met along the way which includes several companies that wanted to have a part of this celebration
six years ago the wiedemer brothers accurately predicted the crash of and the end of the housing bubble. the response to this financial crisis by our government has caused ancilliary issues; far greater and more far reaching. the "quantitative easing" (or rampant money printing) has served to ease the pain temporarily but at a cost of a far greater problem in years to come.
thus butter as a concentrated fat exemplifies the problem that pollan identifies with processed foods.
one million pull tabs end to end would stretch . miles. a million pull tabs calculates to about . pounds. a million of anything is something to celebrate and we thank you lee middle school derby middle school ms. cline and your wonderful children for this amazing feat
if it were truly purely doctrinal as with the nazis and the communists the violence and the rancour would never reach such high levels. that is it was all about power in the case of the nazis and the commies; just as it is all about power when it comes to the battles between the commies and the trots (the swp etc.) today. (actually workers liberty and the swp are both trotskyist groups which shows us how narrow the doctrinal positions must be. it also shows us how fierce the battles can be between even tiny groups vying for the same political or social space.) after all no one fights over the correct answer to a difficult equation or over the exact date when napoleon died. nor even over past or present ideological or philosophical differences that have no political social or moral import today. perhaps foucault was right. it’s all about ‘the will to power’. all the rest is simply window dressing at least in our cases of the commies and the nazis as well as the swp and the commies (along with workers liberty).
michael wolff (for the guardian) wrote today that ‘rupert murdoch is going to be run out of britain’. is that supposed to be a bad thing? yes murdoch will have to sell off his baby (the sun) but maybe then the british media could be run by decent people instead of corrupt ones and mps won’t be as scared to speak out against him for fear of their careers being ruined. i can only imagine it being like seeing sunlight after years of being kept in the dark though perhaps not quite so drastic..
until the completion of the bay bridge and golden gate bridge in the s which began to carry railroad traffic the ferry building was the second busiest transit terminal in the world second only to londons charing cross station. after the bridges opened and the new key system trains began running to the east bay from the transbay terminal in passenger ferry use fell sharply. in the second half of the twentieth century although the ferry building and its clock tower remained a part of the san francisco skyline the condition of the building interior declined with changes. beginning in the s unsympathetic renovations installed a mezzanine level broke up the grand space of the great nave and partitioned the ticketing counters and waiting room areas into office space. the formerly grand public space was reduced to a narrow and dark corridor through which travelers passed en route to the piers. passengers were made to wait for ferries on outdoor benches and the ticketing booths were moved to the pier.
ten years after and no serious questions are asked anymore. we’re encouraged instead to remember honor mourn commemorate etc. while singing so loudly during the seventh inning stretch as to drown out any voices of doubt inside our heads. we are then shown the deluded truthers as a moral lesson.
they get to open up about what they hated about it and how they swore they’d find a way to never have to do that again.
this will actually cover weeks last week & this week.
i also dont doubt that digital will dominate print just as it has dominated music tv film communications etc.
exhibition opening pm wednesday th april .
in ways that noone but the objects of their lovingkindness will ever know.
the alimony is suppose to end this month but they took it out of my check again so i am praying that it ends by my next check. i am so sick and tired of this woman that i could just throw up. oh i forgot she conned another dumbass like me to buy her a new car. she is driving a brand new while her daughter i am sure is driving my which i am going to trade as soon as i get it. so as you can see after all that my girl has been right by my side.
now. about that soup i was telling you about.
the new version is live it’s very pretty user friendly and they really responded well to user feedback. i’ve only just dipped my toe in but i’m really happy with the changes they’ve made. if you’re reaching for any goal not just overcoming an injury or illness i strongly encourage you to take a look at superbetter as a way to help you write the map to success.
the response must be the love of evil for its own sake.
preheat your oven to . have ready rimmed cookie sheetsheet pans or baking pans just make sure you have enough square footage to fit all your tomatoes (halved) in a single layer.
so it was a bit of a mixed day. and the pen remains... just a lump of expensive metal to which i have no real emotional attachment. very pretty but not fully functioning. a bit like a wag amongst pens. which may or may not be sold.
anyway lets talk about everyones favorite campfire treat. ill be the first to tell you that i am not a camping person. at all. bugs. nature. no running water. yeah... i cant handle that very well. but smores. those i can do. and thank goodness i dont have to be in the middle of a forest to indulge in them
last week i decided to write stevens verse on the chalkboard in the kitchen (which had not been updated since i put a countdown to mabelyns due date on it and still said "mabelyn is here"). this way i can work with him on his verse all week without pulling out his book to make sure i have the wording correct.
signed you signed "more" for the first time ive also seen you do "milk" and im pretty sure "all done". my brilliant boy
i did some drawing for this assuming a more reasonable family size of seven (i have four brothers so it seemed reasonable) each family with its own tent. say nothing went on but sleeping in the tent and tight quarters say square feet per family unit. that’s million square feet just for sleeping and not counting all those not in the count so say we need million square feet just to sleep. put a tenfoot walkway between the tents for cooking and stuff ads million square feet to the place and we still do not have bathing or restroom or animal facilities. round up to a total of million square feet to account for some meeting places and ignoring cleanliness and animal needs and room for the old ark of the covenant and golden calf making and all and a little math again we find it is almost square miles. how did the camp move five miles? how would he have known? just too many people had to have been more like or .when i asked about this then i got the same responses.
wednesday i headed to amiens for the afternoon where i met up with two english assistants. we had some coffees and did some shopping. i bought a pair of black lace up boots that were killer discounted for the very end of the huge sales. i had plans to meet up with one of my former students but unfortunately one of his classes got rescheduled for then. he was so apologetic even though it wasnt his fault. he also says he has something for me and that the next time he invites me for a drink. so nice and im curious.
time saving dlc
“hey…let’s have dinner” and now…we were back to dinner.
gorgeous and brilliantly written and filled with details about science medicine food and madness the book of madness and cures is an unforgettable debut.
the one x has a set of pogo pins which enable dock connectivity without having to plug in a usb cable. the galaxy s iii on the other hand supports an optional wireless charging kit (which won’t be available before september).
under the twigs of a young birch tree
“i never know what you are thinking. think.”
 found notesoemsords i wrote
hp is famous and the garage is extremely famous as being the "birthplace of silicon valley." its actually listed on the register of historic places by the us department of the interior. everywhere you read about the garage online will say tours are not available but you are welcome to take photos of the exterior of the property.
nagual oversees the captain’s private backup and euthanasia as he always does.
kshjn blog (kshjnblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the amazon services llc and amazon eu associates programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com amazon.ca amazon.co.uk amazon.de amazon.fr amazon.it and amazon.es. certain content that appears on this website comes from amazon services llc andr amazon eu. this content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
conclusion
discouragement is the spiritual and emotional equivalent of chains that keep us bound up. discouragement can and will take us to a place we don’t want to be and keep us there longer than we want to stay. we get into a state where we ask god “have you forgotten me?” why do i have to go through this?” even jesus asked a similar question when he queried “my god my god why have you forsaken me?” (mk. )
she is now living in turkey illegally. i am writing this so that a manipulative liar like this will not be able to take advantage of innocent families like us. one may come from a poor country but that shouldn’t prevent her from making an honest living.
thats a lot of baking.
the kasztner train
“hey haven’t seen you guys at trivia recently.”
thank you mom for cheering for us at on the ball field we could hear you even when you were working the snack bar.
i was barely able to catch the final train back to the city and just before the bad weather rolled in. i had a hour layover for one of the trains and ran into raul and silma again. they asked if i wanted to sit with them in the cafe and wait for the train together. i accepted. we even sat together on the hour train ride back to barcelona as well. we talked as much as we could but it was really like playing a four hour game of charades.
your posts can either be informative andr include a recipe where your featured ingredient is the main ingredient of the dish. if youve found a new way to cook an old ingredient or discovered a new ingredient youre more than welcome to share it with whb.
"im just. . .so. . .tired" hell say.
owen just had to take a little stroll among them.
. triple play thursdays on . the sound la
the tickets available on stubhub were prohibitive by cost andr seat location. we moved on.
the word "wishes" is from a flashcard that i stitched onto the covers. the heart was cutout from vintage paper and colored with my copic markers. the ribbon on the bottom of the key is hand colored using my copics. the wings are embossed cut outs. the cross sections in green and cream is actually masking tape that i stitched on and airbrushed using my markers and my abs.
ix. selected bibliography.
thinking i’ll judge her
facebook contest
justice for comrade mathafeni investigate the police for murder
on the plus side ebook sales are up % on last year (although in a depressed market) in value terms it has risen % in four years but this is to be expected as the numbers of ereaders out there has increased significantly since .
to view this clip visit
“i think it’s really unfair to delay graduation” suen wrote.
they’re all lined up
any thoughts...please share.
stamps the open sea perfectly penned
dvd details
i was at sams club the other day & "stocked up" dont call it hoarding on four jars of the creamy delight. since each jar has oz. i bought lbs. of peanut butter ... the same amount that kept me alive in england all those many years ago.
 roasted sweet potatoinnamon
it’s a step in the right direction. i must add that i am not against making any kind of purchases. rather in this economy we’ve got to teach our children about the importance of living within your means being thoughtful about that which to spend your hardearned money.
other sessions
allie is getting bigger and bigger and i love it i love chasing her around and playing with her shes such a delight shes finally putting herself to sleep now she just needs her little seahorse and a cup of warm water to cuddle with. yes she cuddles with her cup lmao. crazy kid
. a haircut and maybe a color (that is really a dream since i am allergic to most hair color). however the latest haircolor trend of "bronde" really appeals to me for summer. what i really want is my long hair back for summer so that i can pull it back in a curly pony tail.
apathy noone seemed to notice or care when ici was snapped up by the dutch
thank you to all who linked up to last week’s party i can’t wait to start seeing some inspiration for new year’s eve and valentine’s day as well as more winter inspiration. it’s a great time to share resolutions and organizing tips as well.
recently i just selfpubbed my short story called a conversation before dinner over at smashwords. so far i have received one very nice fivestar unsolicited review. here is a link to the talking animal tale which happens to be a free download.
well we were visited by the plague this weekend. not fun.
first of all i need to address something that ive never really touched on before. i did a few times (?) in passing but i dont think ive ever stated a disclaimer. sadly i believe it is time for one. so...here goes...it has been brought to my attention that some of the people i see on a regular basis are reading my blog and tweets. while its a free country and the internet is for everyone even those that should stay far away from the world wide web this space here is mine. if you know me in real life and i did not give you the url to my blog you may not question me on what you read here. i use this space for support from my bloggy gals and to give support. i also use this place to get things out of my head so i dont take anything i say personally. i wont bash you but i might mention you as it pertains to me and my life. if you dont like what you read you may click that cute little red x over there in the corner.
irezumi is a form of japanese tattooing. literally translated it means piercing or stabbing the skin with blue or green. irezumi may possibly go back to the paleolithic times as far as bc. simple cord like markings on paleolithic man are thought to be tattoos. there is still much debate about this. in the yayoi period bc to ad irezumi was prevalent and talked about by chinese visitors. the tattoos of this time period were thought to have spiritual and status meanings. by the kofun period ad to ad the symbolism behind tattooing or irezumi had started to turn. as in rome tattoos were now beginning to be used as a punishment on criminals to mark them.
the problem was the sugarcubes couldnt help themselves. they still cant. einar appeared in new york at the new music seminar muttering "dont drink and drive... if you havent got a car." björk described the universe through the eyes of a child "if the sun had loads of hairs and you could hug it it would be really nice."
other end of the room. really dislike the desk and the reason we have to have short curtains but bills not too excited about a new desk. this is sort of his desk so it has to meet all his requirements. so still trying to convince him we need a new one.
so even though it sometimes suits the establishment to portray our royal family as useful in selling the best of british even though brewing is an industry of which the country can be justifiably proud beer will be off the menu. most people wont care theyve been whipped up into a patriotic mass orgasm by the red tops with cheap for £ cases of lager lubricating street parties until it comes to the time to toast the nuptial couple by which time some cheap supermarket fizz will be produced. toast them with beer? disrespectful laughable when hardworking and innovative entrepreneurs have reinvigorated our national drink. thats the real disrespect.
and insisted that he stay
now then the three kings (from persian lands afar)… we sang this carol at school and it always chokes me. i can’t find a version that really encapsulates the spinetingling quality of this. but this isn’t bad…
c) a petassassinsympathizer who doesnt deserve any of my chocolate chip cookies anyway.
don’t wuss out
the precise recipe of cacolac has not changed one iota since and it is claimed that the secret lies in the choice of its raw ingredients coupled with the way the cocoa and milk are blended and the sterilisation methods which are applied. what has changed though is the cacolac production facility itself (pictured above) which since has been based in léognan kilometres to the south of bordeaux a location chosen apparently because it offers easy access to abundant sources of the highquality groundwater necessary for the cacolac manufacturing and sterilisation process. the plant now employs a strong workforce and produces of the distinctive brown bottles and cans each year.
the rest of the day dragged on. i don’t hate my job but my heart just isn’t into it. i have a plan in soon i will start classes to get my certificate as a nutritional therapy practitioner. i am so excited i finally came to realize that this is what i wanted to do sometime last year. i was really struggling trying to figure out what i wanted to do with my life. i have a masters in nonprofit leadership and i work for a nonprofit right now doing fundraising. while i wouldn’t change a thing about my journey to get where i am i realized that i just wasn’t fulfilled. and i didn’t really have a desire to take the next step up in the fundraising world. reading about nutrition food policy cooking and the like was and still is something i spend a majority of my free time doing. in fact (and i am admitting full on nerdom saying this) % of the books i have read in the last years have been about food in some way.
next stop tin hau temple. said to be built over years ago it still stands in glory. the temple is dedicated to amah (aka tin hau) and sits on the bay of amah which in chinese is "amah gau". according to legend when the first portuguese arrived the first thing they saw as the temple. the locals told them theyre at "amah gau"...and eventually "amau gau" became "macau".
in my own defense his maternal cousin spends saturday nights in a mcdonald’s play zone. his wife is bipolar. jealousy is the glue that holds them together but they’re sparring for a take home prize no one in their right mind would want to win.
budget travel
. nishabd
irish moss and yeast nutrient last minutes.
i love how cassie is always throwing little bits out to us with teasers trailers etc. as we eagerly await her next mortal instruments book.
i mean it is my favorite photo of my arm muscles. but i didn’t really “race” that race even though i had a total blast and was super proud of my friend rae. so of course i can have good photos since i was pacing someone else and not pushing myself.
the ride was fantastic me my friend and dylan got quality time with santa and he was just a sweetheart. the guy was so much in character that i started to believe in santa. two of my favorite moments...
ive just started doing digital scrapbooking with craft artist platinum. im not one for reading instructions as i just like to go with it thats my problem as then i get it wrong 
an excellent movie that will touch all your emotions and leave you uplifted.
statistics indicate that generally within the uk of people say “scone” while say “scone”; and that figure rises to % of people saying “scone” with a trivial % saying “scone” in scotland. it is believed that pronunciation is influenced by geography and class. once i have clear figures on the pronunciation of “scone” “scone” or “scone” i will ask some follow up polls on geography and socioeconomic group but let’s not get ahead of ourselves.
underneath i have two long sleeved tshirts (aqua and cream form m&s and c&c)
it is now
that’s right folks it has bamboo detailing throughout all of the framing. of course my immediate question was can we spraypaint it? poor jon said yes so now of course i want to paint it in a bright shade perhaps red?
a gigantic cube of ice
i was looking around for something to read bored out of my mind by some sinclair lewis novel i downloaded for free from the gutenberg project when i noticed that someone in the house had removed an old timelife book from the bookshelf in the dining room so they might employ it as a mousepad for some murderous game played on a laptop while sitting on the couch eating goldfish and watching family guy. thats the level of respect we have for books these days theyre mousepads. these old timelife books a series called "the old west" belonged to my wifes father and theyve done nothing but collect dust since the turn of the century and well before that im sure. and it was not with purposeful disrespect that the person in question decided it made a good mousepad but a careful study of its smooth leatherish exterior determined it had the right reflective properties and gripping strength to be used for something. what are those stupid decorations in the dining room all about? the things with the paper inside them that look like perfect laptop mousepads?
it was dr achaya who passed it on. dr achaya was a deep mine of information about the history of indian food its origins from the early days in harappa to the arrival of the foreigners (the arabs the dutch the portuguese the moguls and the british).
rob mimpriss is a writer of short fiction from north wales. he was one of the prize winners in the most recent rhys davies short story competition.
“the songs and dances are a way of bringing to that frame certain political concerns that couldn’t be talked about otherwise” joshi says.
so when i look at my own
j and i have also been playing lots of old school nintendo on our wii. best invention ever. we are cracking up at how we cant beat worlds that we tore up when we were .
i was delighted to be typing again and was once more invested in my characters and their drama. glorious.
last week i was in attendance for a planning and logistics meeting for occupy norfolk. their de facto leader james mcpherson has been doing a great job organizing protesters and spreading the message.
the festival is dedicated to showcasing the brewers of lancashire. as there arent actually that many lancashire brewers the numbers are being swelled by the breweries in the bit of lancashire which was chopped off in and bundled into cumbria (my homelands).
...these “famine marriages” – as they are called – not only lead to girls dropping out of school but also make them vulnerable to sexually transmitted infections...
theres even a facebook fan group called the old fountainians which seems to consist mainly of expats struggling to find bottles of their favourite tipple. but noone seems to have posted since which either means tesco has shipped it to the falklands or theyve moved on to something else.
so in the end i win.
have been blogging for about the same amount of time too. so it’s been fun to see our blogs grow together. brittany is one of the nicest girls…really she is. her goal is to motivate and empower women to learn to use tools and do diy home projects. she has some amazing tutorials – even video tutorials – on how to use basic power tools.
the time slot for the delivery came and went and nothing showed up. i gave them half an hour leeway before picking up the phone to express my concern. my concern pretty soon turned to mild irritation as i was passed from option to yet more options on their automated switchboard. finally i got to speak to a human who was quite obviously using a headset and shuffling paper whilst talking to me. despite the crackling on the line and her obvious disinterest i persevered.
“don’t worry sunny you’re going to be alright…” of course i was there was nothing wrong with me but why was this nurse telling me that? tell the doctors tell them i don’t need an operation
their conclusion
grace had an assignment at school to write me a letter. its laminated in a big card. she drew a horse a saddle and a riding helmet on the front
mac moisturecover concealer
the most surprising thing about the current heat wave affecting much of the united states is that no global warming charlatan is claiming that it is the result of carbon dioxide (co) emissions. since the late s americans were assailed with the global warming hoax until in november the release of emails between the trolls ginning up false “climate models” were exposed.
she paints a lovely picture of working hard but then having time "to read do fancy work play with our children and make their clothes in the latest fashion." she wants her daughters to be cultured. "...a cultured person must be a thinker and i am sure there is no other place or work which affords the chance for one to think than the farm does."
despite my apprehension however the last hour in the apartment was relatively straightforward; i spent most of it packing. at that point my host mom was aware of my situation and after i finished we said our goodbyes and i left. it seems rather indicative that like those of middle school our relationship was terminated via text message.
but to their credit each member
i love to peoplewatch wherever i am and the drive to and from the school each day provided lots of opportunity. despite the need to be constantly watching the traffic on all sides i saw one chap with what looked like a wall clock on his lap and a cloth in one hand. it appeared that he was trying to clean or polish the face of the clock as he drove along
the waitress stopped filling my bottomless cup and went on to more deserving tables. my sweetheart looked down at the grits hardening in her plate. all about us the room fell silent as the congregation eyed the brute yankee at his bloody hate pulpit spewing negativity in what had moments ago been a sanctuary of gentility and wellintentioned words measured out in spoonfulls from a sugar bowl.
bean i want you to groweatget fat. i want to bath you and dress you and photograph you. but mostly i want to hold you. to sing to you to dance with you to sleep with you beside me. hurry up beanie. i miss you.
lately at the elementary school gardens i intern at we’ve been doing a lot of mulching.
rats –don’t let go –german pic sleeve
— avoid undercover or other surreptitious methods of gathering information except when traditional open methods will not yield information vital to the public. use of such methods should be explained as part of the story
the wise man saw the young and simple straying into the house of the strange woman. the house seemed so completely different from what he knew it to be that he desired to shed a light upon it that the young man might not sin in the dark but might understand the nature of his deeds. the wise man looked abroad and he saw but one lamp suitable to his purpose; it was named “at the last;” so snatching this he held it up in the midst of the strange woman’s den of infamy and everything was changed from what it had been before the truth had come to light and the deceptive had vanished. the young man dreamed of pleasure in wanton dalliance he hoped to find delight; but when the lamp of “at the last” began to shine he saw rottenness in his bones filthiness in his flesh pains and griefs and sorrows as the necessary consequence of sin and wisely guided wisely taught the simpleminded started back and listened to the admonitions of the teacher “come not nigh the door of her house for her gates lead down to the chambers of death.”
its all "裂纹和怒吼" and then theres the offering bucket thing and its
ive said goodbye to my allpowerful gigantic bags and hello to this small perfectly formed creature.
as i was doing the research i was not surprised to find the number of post cards using images from the civil war. after all memorial day was originally called decoration day and was established to memorialize the civil war dead. what did surprise me was the number of post cards that used images from the revolutionary war. those that harkened back to the early days mostly included images from lady liberty but some used people such as general washington–even though he had not died in battle.
instant coffee powder ½ to teaspoon according to our taste
professor so you believe in god ?
”it’s tragic a fellow human being to put an end to his life. in these difficult times for our society we must allstate and citizens to support the people next to us in distress ”
i got sucked into watching the glee episodes i had taped but then i got motivated to start to work on my mail sack just a few more steps and this will be done im hoping to work on it during the week so i can wrap it up quickly )
the trail passes private property so climb over the fence as shown here.
apartheid
but then i had to try to find a job out here. that was when i found out how bad things really are.
and a life that in abandoning
the fifth and sixth needs are not met by everyone yet unconsciously it is something humans will try to attain as it the key to a life of fulfillment. survival is possible and usual without fulfilling these two needs – but without them a life may feel hollow or meaningless.
later that evening i went in the master bathroom and looked in the cupboard for something. i couldnt find it because the cupboard was a hot mess. i decided to organize the items in the closet with the dollar baskets i purchased.
a christmas wish ... hallmark channel ... pm
for over a decade the eating disorders coalition (edc) has been active on capitol hill working with the federal government to help make eating disorders a federal health priority. with the highest mortality rate of any mental health disorder we need a bill like the freed act to help those who suffer from eating disorders get the help they need and deserve.
and enjoy the sensation and memory of that fog.
the ability to be fully alert and active without ever having to sleep again. and a lifespan of healthy years. please. i have a lot of things to do.
pearls dollar store
i was supposed to be doing some sewing this morning while sam is at pre school but my sewing mojo seems to have deserted me so im back on the computer looking back at my blog over the last year. what a year its been i seem to have bought a lot of fabric but actually did much less sewing (i blame facebookwitterlogginginterest) i have enjoyed taking part in swaps ive hosted giveaways and reviewed products. best of all i have connected with lots of lovely like minded people and discovered some fantastic inspiring new blogs.
fettered to the kitchen
the transition to maine from our maryland dairy had its confusing moments. in maryland the first day of spring meant the beginning of warm sunny days and flowers blooming everywhere. in maine the first day of spring was just another number on the calendar. the first day of spring in maine should really be during the usual ice out of big wood pond around the first week of may.
risk taking that first step even if you don’t know where it will lead.
also publishing a novel typically takes forever. the industry moves like molasses so if you’re taking the traditional publishing route you need to be prepared for the long haul. patience is a virtue here. if you don’t have it get it because you’re definitely going to need it.
for three months before i learned that we have a bigger house too
have a wonderful start to and let me know what your predictions are
closing the door his mind drifted again to the girl.
. clients should not think that cheapest is best.
ms. james’s survivors include her husband of years artis mills; two sons donto and sametto james; and four grandchildren.
chris petrella (rep) .% 
what is important about becoming aware of your own response to anger (in yourself or others) is your knowledge of what you are modeling or communicating to your child. if you want others to hurt inside when you are mad what will the effect be on your child if you make comments that cause him to feel bad about himself? if you need to be alone when you are mad how will you handle this need if you are raising a young child and it is just the two of you?
even so a ragtag cohort of established restaurants and watering holes have persevered. this is especially true in the vicinity of central square the knot in the middle of cambridge’s bowtieshaped footprint. city planners and scions of business have tried to sanitize central square but humble salty institutions like the middle east and the plough and the stars continue to thrive.
) of the top pitchers in number of innings pitched only one has an era higher than .. unfortunately for me as a yankees fan that pitcher is c.c. sabathia. but the tables turn because sabathia has yet to lose a game which only one guy with more innings pitched can also say. that man jared weaver has gotten out one more batter than sabathia through games.
oh how i hated the bus. the things that went on the things i (unfortunately) learned on the bus…then i had a moment of fear as i flashed back to my grade school days on the bus. one hour bus ride. second from last person off the bus. i still have nightmares about school and riding the bus it can be very traumatic yo
 roma tomato seeded
the unsurprising announcement that the board of the world bank had voted in favor of the american candidate jim yong kim presents an opportune moment to reflect upon the soft power structures that shape global public policy in the early st century inside the un system and beyond. it is necessary to draw a distinction between mr. kim’s substantive qualifications and the procedure by which he was selected. substantively although lacking in either financial or diplomatic experience dr. kim is in certain respects an interesting choice because of his lifelong dedication to improving the health of the very poor in the global south as well as his training in medicine and phd in anthropology. he has had extensive relevant experience on the ground and in working with ngos (he cofounded the widely admired partners in health) and in institutional settings (for some years he directed the hivids program for the world health organization) and has been president of dartmouth university for the past three years although stirring controversy during his brief period of administrative tenure. it may be still wondered whether dr. kim understands sufficiently the economic dimensions of world bank policy to enjoy the respect of the professional staff and might have been more appropriately chosen to head an enhanced program of the bank devoted to health and poverty. overall still the substantive case for the appointment is relatively strong although the two opposing candidates both former finance ministers of developing countries certainly had equally impressive substantive résumés and ethical profiles and were plausible choices for this position.
hence we again strongly recommend to hold the stock with a target price of rs..
but you know what? its hard snail mail sweeps are slowly disappearing and i hate that. i understand why since the internet makes it just so much easier and cheaper for the sponsor and whoever is involved with having a sweepstakes.
i got an email the other day from a woman getting married next spring and she was trying to find a pair of shoes with a specific design. she said she did a google search but she couldnt find anything that fit what she was looking for.
dates september –september 
the next morning it’s the same old short days long dark cold nights and spirit chilling winter weather. despite the good intentions most resolutions – just like the people that made them – turn like a groundhog back to the burrow and go into snooze.
 rue des petites ecuries
the inspiration for miriam cohens two books about sisters mimmy and sophie came from her own girlhood in brooklyn. side by side the books are physically very different. the first mimmy & sophieis a large picture book every inch filled with colorful illustrations in a storyboard layout. the sequel mimmy and sophie all around the town is an earlylevel chapter book with numerous black and white linedrawn illustrations. tomas f. yezerski illustrated both books.
did you know you could win flourishes entire april release? have you checked out their motherly love challenge? just click here to find out how to play you can also play in the noon time challenges yesterday they brought you the lovely in lace challenge here. and be sure to tune in today over at the flourishes blog at noon for one more fast paced way to win all challenges will close this friday at pm est so get those fingers inky and good luck see you back here soon
in truth what it actually looks like is the most magnificent english ale ever brewed.
and here in this atmosphere of kindness i still felt pressure. it certainly wasnt coming from anyone else. we didnt even spend much time looking at each others stuff; we were busily focused on our own projects.
i’m ridiculously shallow and callous when it comes to matters of the heart. i sometimes get the impression that i’ve forgotten how to truly feel. but i know that’s a lie i tell myself. i’ve been masking my emotions since i was a child. paying for the sins of those who were meant to love me the most. i’m afraid to remove my mask. it’s a truth that floats to the surface when i’m alone and i’ve let my guard down. but i suppress it tie it to the anchor of denial and watch it slip beneath the murky waters of my mind. i don’t like to dwell. reflection leads to recrimination.
meanwhile sarawak report can further reveal separate insider information which indicates that earlier this year alastair campbell was approached by fbc media to consult about their $ million a year pr contract with taib to attack our own anticorruption campaign. he agreed to a meeting.
you can easily ascribe which ostrich holes one party or the other will stick their heads into which is again a problem in itself no one speaks for me no one speaks for you no one seemingly speaks for america. most politicians only speak for themselves and their "base." until we quit electing career politicians and start electing true public servants we will continue to have severe problems in crisis situations. was different in a sense because we actually came together as a country. with respect to new orleans all there seems to be is fingerpointing and sovietstyle blamepassing.
i live so close to all of these great places in ireland but i just never seem to make the time to go and see them so i decided that it was finally time to start checking them off my list. (and believe it or not james hasnt been to most of these places either....i cant believe that someone could live somewhere their entire life and never go and see some of these great sights in the country)
he awakes
the obama administration recently issued a page paper stating that obama is not in violation of the war powers act because “u.s. operations do not involve sustained fighting or active exchanges of fire with hostile forces nor do they involve u.s. ground troops.” under this argument president obama could preemptively launch nuclear weapons against any country in the world without congressional approval. obviously this is not what the founders intended
but never never discount
we still have one full yam left which will probably be fried.
she said she had nightmares and her confidence had deteriorated.
easy as pie.
his is a truly fascinating and forward thinking appointment that can only mean very fresh and exciting times ahead for christian diors overall women and mens business. not least because of the stark differences between diors former kingpin john galliano and the incoming simons who will put on his first dior show for the haute couture in july.
i reallyreally really wish someone had given me one of these when i was a kideven if it only ended up collecting dust after just a few months of halfhearted use. for some reason i cant shake just how cool it would feel to step out on the back porch with your mom or dad and look up at the stars. ah but this is not an inexpensive gift which means you would have to pick your recipient wisely.
you know these medallions almost look like sprockets lol
 not a fan of the bridge but the rest of the song (esp the chorus) is just amazing
dimension physical
i keep thinking the women in mad men will grow a spine and tell one of those jackasses to take a flying leap. but instead they take control in the way they can with sex. we can all see the tides turning in the show. the ′s are a time of flowering sexuality and independence. i loved the scene where megan takes off her robe and starts cleaning the house. don is such a big strong control freak but he marries the first woman who is genuinely nice to him. she knows how to play him like a fiddle
i have also updated my copic certification page on my blog.....make sure you check out all the classes....dont delay they are filling very fast
i wanted to send you a quick note to let you know how much i appreciate your blog. its like reading about me my husband thinks i am nuts but after reading your blog i am reassured i am not alone in by organizing obsessions. so i relate to your blog and love reading it and i thought youd like to know that.
one by one
global coordinator
it’s been a stormy week in london with bright sun and blue skies interspersed with drenching sheets of rain and rolling thunder – often within the same halfhour. it’s been unnerving but now that it’s friday it’s feeling a little tropical.
however the effluent boris is not likely to damage his electoral prospects greatly as the alternative ken livingstone is even worse – both as a human being and a politician. voters therefore are likely to be holding on to boris for fear of something worse.
buttar answered that in his view — and in contrast to surveillance — there (hopefully) wasn’t the kind of cash cow potential with detention policy. hurlburt agreed that “in terms of money this is a sideshow. ” she continued
and boys in funny outfits who get together every
ok i know it doesnt look pretty but the taste is there ;)
good luck to you all
if you live in or near the sheffield area of the uk and fancy visiting a demo day
im writing it down because i never want to forget these moments.
traditionally lahpet is offered to guests during ceremonies to monks on their initiation and to the gods of the forests. it was also used as a peace offering after war as a symbol of putting the past behind.
paws of lynnwood is a nonprofit organization which finds families for homeless pets and rehabilitates wildlife. they also have a cat adoption center in greenwood called paws cat city.
 foreigners may be barred from the country if their presence upsets “the equilibrium of the national demographics” when foreigners are deemed detrimental to “economic or national interests” when they do not behave like good citizens in their own country when they have broken mexican laws and when “they are not found to be physically or mentally healthy.” (article )
liquidity
there is also a nice video at the end of this post…i hope you’ll enjoy it
just stick your completed postit request for attention on this wall here. then someone can come out grab a note and take care of that one. as a plus we can see the postit wall get smaller and smaller. (visual reinforcement is so important to assure crowds that things are getting handled in a timely fashion)
a final inspiration to lead you into war
and then vertically. for the vertical stitches i wove the thread over and under the horizontal thread. this was quite a challenge in fact i had to use a delicate sewing needle with a tiny eye rather than my usual embroidery needle. when i first started the repairing stitches i used white sewing thread. the whites didnt quite match so it was very obvious and the sewing thread weightwise was actually too coarse and heavy. i wasnt sure what sort of thread to use that would match both in color and weight. after a bit of experimenting i ended up using a thread from my embroidery fabric i carefully pulled the thread out of the weave along the cut edge of my fabric. it worked really well and you can barely see the repair.
take enough clothes for about a week or so and plan on doing laundry about once a week. if youre going to be gone less than a week you wont have to worry about doing laundry at all.
the day before independence day is yom hazikaron (יום הזיכרון) israels day of remembrance for those who died in wars or terrorist attacks. its a very somber day in what felt like a more personal way than yom hashoah which happened the previous week on thursday. beginning a few days beforehand israeli radio and television stations started to broadcast stories about fallen soldiers and those who died in terrorist attacks. on the day itself that is all that was broadcast. i usually listen to reshet bet which is the news station of israel radio (something like npr in the us but more closely tied to the government) and from tuesday afternoon onwards and throughout wednesday they broadcast a series of stories about individuals and groups who had died and interviewed survivors of various battles from the war of independence onward as well as families who had a relative who had died in battle or in a terrorist attack and survivors of terrorist attacks. sometimes i had to turn off the radio because it was simply too sad.
this book also critiques and satirizes some big honkin issues. maguire explores the nature of evil implications of religion human rights revolution. i was genuinely surprised and delighted by how political in nature this book became at times. i was most compelled when elphaba was embroiled in some plot or other and impassioned by the dwindling rights and oppression of animals (animals with a human capacity for intelligence thought and communication). it was easy to see how she started strong and almost naively passionate about issues in her college years but withered and became embittered with time. though i have to say she was never as bitter and never wicked as one might associate with the book or film version.
the next day our "team" spent some time listening to the tapes of the previous nights debate and we found a place where they guy made the statement… sorta. the only problem was that he wasn’t actually saying what we had said he that he had said. in fact he was really saying just the opposite. but if we started the quote late and stopped it early then it appeared that he said what we needed him to say. so the plan was to dub the statement to a fresh tape and play it that night proving that we were right and he was wrong. and thus we could exclaim to borrow a quote from the old lady godiva story “horary for our side”
it supplied entertainment
now the chances of me getting my mitts on a pair of chanel or valentino flats is nigh on nil so the high street will be scoured for options that fit the flat bill with a nod to the catwalks. you need to look for an element of black strappy and a metallic detail. it will be a few weeks yet before the options get going but for now ill kick off with these pair of sandals from m&s.
see that she is both happy and free
thank goodness one more day to ride the bus.
the goal was to start off with s and pull back to after i warmed up. derek had offered to pace me and my friend shanda was going to run with us as well. both are significantly faster than me... but i had to depend solely on them for pacing because my garmin does not like moisture and newsflash we were wet wet wet.
love and happiness will be around
married couples must be the primary object of the catholic church’s teachings on artificial contraception since unmarried catholics are presumed (and expected) to remain chaste and celibate and should (ideally) have no need of contraception.
we must warn our children against wearing black in public. wong chin huat has won support and respect for his imaginative and satirical idea of “black malaysia” for which he has been jailed. it seems our noble men in blue have been designated the fashion police and are empowered to haul away people in black into black marias.
antidepressants aren’t that interesting they are just the device in a battle of wills. it’s about control overpowering the blight of personal sovereignty by those who feel personal sovereignty was stolen from them and by the looks of things it was. but there has to be a way of reclaiming what’s yours without destroying the selfesteem of psychiatry’s willing guinea pigs as if their peace of mind is what’s wrong with this picture.
the renewal fee for the th year of the patent in question was due on november but was not paid in time and was still not paid by the end of the additional period allowed by section () resulting in the patent lapsing on may (but ceasing to have effect as from the renewal date). an application for restoration was filed on may within the month period allowed for under rule ()(a) of the patents rules . a preliminary view was taken by the patent office that the requirements for restoration had not been met.
congratulations to the winner of tricia goyers by the light of the silvery moon faith hope and cherrytea please email your address to christen (ckrumm@litfusegroup.com)
mr. president there will be difficult days ahead. but as we move forward with our transition i’m confident that afghan forces will grow stronger the afghan people will take control of their future. with this agreement i am confident that the afghan people will understand that the united states will stand by them and they will know that the united states can achieve our goal of destroying al qaeda and denying it a safe haven but at the same time we have the capacity to wind down this war and usher in a new era of peace here in afghanistan.
as the story goes more and more things we discover and through those events we learn more of our characters. its kind of hard to explain whats going on in this manga because whatever that i want to mention it ends up being a spoiler for something. so to prevent this i guess youll just have to read the thing if you want some more plot exposition.
we paid won for entry and were given a wrist band with a key and some pj like shorts and tshirt. we put our shoes in a locker and then headed to the separate areas with plans to meet back in the common area in about an hour.
if you have been reading my blog for a while you may remember i took my little family up to yorkshire for the day this time last year it was one of my favourite days of .
mayall (laughs) i was quite happy with the film because he cast ed very well and he pointed the camera at me a lot. so basically he knows how to direct.
knead the dough with the heel of your hand for at least three minutes until the dough is very smooth. the dough should not feel sticky. if it sticks to your fingers knead in a small amount of flour just enough so your fingers come away clean when you pull them away. wrap the dough and let it sit at room temperature for an hour.
good egg w g $.
gasp (oh the beauty)
"bring me the yardstick" i yelled.
as i went from one stall to another i managed to take a picture of this fish the local malays called it “ikan ayamayam” which literally means “chicken fish” …hehee… not that it looks like a chicken but rather the flesh of this particular fish taste like a chicken…. hmm i really have no idea what it’s called in english though sorry
we stayed in nearby bellingham at the riverdale hall country house hotel. that was nice if a bit pricey. food and service were excellent.
i was a bit sad at first to board the plane and begin the long journey back home to new hampshire. however during the long flights i thought about the place that waited for me i thought of my home. what is it like?
i ate this on friday night as "carbloading" for my saturday trail run.
ms definitely because he was aware of his position in society. also he was an outsider which is why people think of his work as difficult and fantastic. people blame him for not pursuing fame but he had decided not to because of his life experience. less loud voices can have more impact over time.
“president obama will also reportedly address some of the financial issues surrounding the crisis including the establishment of an escrow fund. these resources should be used to help the victims of this disaster and not as a slush fund for trial lawyers or administration officials seeking to paper over their own misguided decisions. bp should be held accountable for the full cost of this disaster – the taxpayers shouldn’t pay one dime – but that money must be directed to where it can be most effective in stopping this leak and aiding the recovery effort.
it’s a crying shame because for a lot of people writing is how they process things. i know after an hour of staring at the little “add new post” box typing whatever rubbish comes into my head first i’m usually feeling a lot calmer. for some who are perhaps very vulnerable and not considered able to keep themselves safe online by all means take protective measures. i’ve been told by a lotlotlot of mental health professionals of the dangers of the internet not that i’m old enough and ugly enough to take the advice of a registered charity website like rethink rather than google “how can i cure schizophrenia with the process of photosynthesis”. and at risk of overegging the pudding…. the mind report into crisis care reveals damning evidence of the lack of good acute psychiatric care when people are at risk. but rather than y’know try and help people who are at risk of killing themselves let’s demonise one of the few hour avenues of emotional expression support and understanding.
no sane person would do this.
i actually had one right out of the oven slathered in butter (my bad) ... and it was definitely one of those omg this is sinful moments
digestible.
there are two main themes that benn draws out of these five chapters. the first is love. dripping from these final words of jesus to his disciples is his unconditional love for them. let’s be honest these guys are not the easiest to love but neither are we. beginning with the washing of the disciples feet jesus not only speaks words of love to his disciples but shows them pictures of his love for them. these loving acts mean many things and one of them is to model for them how they are to love fellow christians and the world. throughout these five chapters jesus loves them in their doubts weaknesses and blindness to the truth he is giving them as his last words.
i take my pen in hand to write to you. i am well all but rumatic pains. i received a letter from uriah yesterday and is the first that i have got since last august and think very hard because you dont write ofterner than you do. i want you to take care of evry thing the best you can for i will not be able to work any more and think that i will get home by new year and if uriah want to stay on the place the same way he was let him stay and when i come home i will attend to the rest of the business. i sent you a letter the other day in the care of mr wakefield and i answered uriah yesterday. i want you to get my pistol from uriah and keep it closely consealed until i get home. our rement had a fight with the rebels the other day we lost three men killed wounded and five taken prisner the rebel lost we dont know the pay rollers out men i was acquainted but one man that was killed and that was pleas smith none of our home boy got hurt. as soon as the captains books come from louisville i think i will get my discharge.
i didn’t pick up any more passengers that shift. i drove aimlessly lost in thought. for the rest of that day i could hardly talk. what if that woman had gotten an angry driver or one who was impatient to end his shift? what if i had refused to take the run or had honked once then driven away?
the large helicopter is dubbed “warthog of the skies”. it holds a pilot and a gunner on each side.
i bet he was trying to steal cheese.
i reread the weight loss chapters and came acorss a passage that gives me a small sliver of hope. simply put the cheat days are necessary especially for women and last week mine was more of a cheat meal. so on saturday i ate badly in attempt to reset my metabolism.
carrie ann loved it but she wants him to be a little less smooth more staccato. len liked the humor of the dance but said it needed more aggression. bruno liked the jagger beginning but agreed with the others that the technique needed to be better.
list of available books (choose book from the below list. for ease of time and space i have listed series but im only offering book not the entire series.)
is when i am driving with my two children and i have someone right on my bumper..
the answer could be partly answered by the material these artists produce. mccartney dylan and jagger record and write rock and roll. the “writing” part is key. streisand meanwhile rarely writes (though she nabbed an oscar for penning “evergreen”) and at least initially her claim to fame was a repertoire of supper club pop standards and showtunes old people’s music. so even though she was in her s she was singing stuff that her mother was feeding her.
the mummy cutintwo was sewn together with human hair string.
it also needed a great deal of organisation to switch from one colour to the next placing the shuttle and ball out of the way......and a great deal of concentration at first to make sure that the chains lay on top of each other in the correct order. i got this wrong in the very first chain but think its a great feature to make a specific top to the egg motif
recognizing our sin and turning to the cross restores our godgiven purpose of worshiping him. it happens the first time we come to god in faith but we need it again and again as we move through our world and fall prey to the idols it presents.
i find it amazing to compare my lifes journey with the astrological chart that had been drawn up for me. it all seems to fit so nicely. i wonder what you would find if you analyzed your own journey what you might find?
this victory can be credited in part to the major education reforms recently enacted by the new york state legislators. yet without the commitment of president barack obama and education secretary arne duncan in recognizing that new york state is worthy of these vital dollars we would be without this essential investment for our childrens future. this is truly great news for families across the state
world music. (he plays fujare and tibetan singing bowls on "lily"
as for elvis costello i loved olivers army from the first moment i heard it and i can still sing along to it word for word the whole way through when it plays just like i remember my national insurance number without looking at it and my first car number plate )
 jason segel has pretty much confirmed that he is dating actress michelle williams. the how i met your mother star said during an interview with extra; “”i think we would just very much like to be happy. that’s all i’m going to say about it.”
her dramatic death unleashed a tidal wave of speculation. alex jones and his infowars organization pointed out that palfrey had repeatedly stated in interviews that she would not commit suicide and stated that if she was found dead it would really be murder. her mother had no signs that she was suicidal and some handwriting experts claimed that the suicide note was either forged or written under compulsion. journalist dan moldea told time that palfrey had told him she would commit suicide before enduring prison again but jones pointed out that moldea has a known history of fabricating quotes. in the end it doesn’t really matter whether she put the noose around her own neck or it was put there by men in black it was murder in any case. there is no moral difference between directly executing a victim inducing her to kill herself by threats against her mother and sister or driving her to suicide via persecution robbery psychological torture and the looming threat of a horrible jailhouse death by rape torture and disfigurement. “suicide” has been the preferred method of execution for women who embarrass the rulers of decaying republics since at least roman times and the purpose of the kangaroo court which precedes the murder is merely to humiliate the victim to tantalize her with false hope of acquittal and to allow the sleeping masses the illusion that there is still such a thing as justice.
i think i spent longer figuring out the pattern than actually sewing but now that ive done it it seems easy. (why did i wait so long) i made it using the summery new california girl range. my rotarycutting and machinesewing both leave a lot to be desired but the point is i gave it a go.
sometimes you just end up at a lot of bars in one week.
ink memento dye ink in rich cocoa and potters clay
the ability to pass through a crowd of punters without spillage is one sign of a master and the most precious of skills (more so when its £ a pint). its what we call walk like a panther. perhaps a panther whose had a few but a panther all the same.
two years ago today he was under heavy sedation. he was dying here on a hospital bed in the downstairs front room.
the hop burn here is definitely tempered but its the wonderful layers of orangey hops that are the real star. ill certainly try to seek out the bottled version of this beer to see how it compares.
on april halton district school board trustees will begin examining and discussing the following strategic goals for its multiyear plan covering the years . specific measurable targets will be developed for each goal and subsequent implementation strategies will form the board’s annual operational plans.
update th of april at the end of february the homepage of dayz featured a days of action marathon for yupi. last week ericka ceballos – who is coordinator of the international yupi campaign – contacted us to thank all of our supporters for sending the many protest mails in support of yupi during that action. she also gave us new email addresses to contact but that’s not all…
a few years have passed since that day my friend called me on the phone. his life has turned around. his financial problems have sorted themselves out. his career has shifted. the two very large problems he was facing at that time have both sorted themselves out.
 webster’s third new international dictionary unabridged .
“whether i’m out on bail or not especially if i’m not if darky even suspects betrayal i’ll be killed.”
. soft drake. this is sort of categorical but even if you don’t have the photoshop chops to whip up one of these concoctions it’s still a meme just to make fun of drake’s softness. the undisputed heavyweight king of uppercuts to the dome of drake’s manliness is big ghost. he is drakes worst blog nightmare.
top if off with big hair (thank you aquanet) maggies makeup and a piece of allis sparkly cape..
spiteful and quivering.
you check out a suspicious noise and its nothing ()
heathendom shall become converted. let the blessed gospel of the eternal
shes in for a change this school year. shell no longer be living in her fancy digs at bridgestreet with its roomservice and made to order breakfasts instead shell be renting a home with other women from college just a few blocks from the campus. its what she wanted and i dont think she could be more excited for the school year to begin.
"cast your cares on god because god cares for you." ( peter )
there are a lot of couples and families who live miles apart because of one reason or another. it is difficult and full of challenges. but i think love goes beyond time and space. after all physical distance can make people emotionally closer as people find ways to still communicate and share your feelings and thoughts…
also marcus is beat up a fair bit by the seal people esca is bruised and bloodied in the gladiatorial ring and marcus does have surgery twice only once time is it depicted though and we only see the surgeons knife hovering above the purpleredyuck wound in his leg. esca holds him down as he writhes and groans in pain but they only show the beginning of the operation before cutting to afterward when hes back in bed unconscious. the seal prince is killed by marcus who seeing as their fighting in the middle of a wide creek shoves his head under the water until he stops thrashing. we see his face eyes open and definitely dead beneath the water for a short bit.
anyway. he is "outraged" that israel considered the flotilla a provocation. really? where did they get that idea from? is it because there is no humanitarian crisis in gaza and even if there were the new york times published this on june th 
the theme for the first event with guest speaker alia akkam founder of the qnote and contributing editor at edible queens focused of the unique and culturally diverse food offerings in and amongst our farreaching neighborhoods. broader than gastronomy what really touched me was the talk of community and what queens does differently than brooklyn and manhattan and how those choices uniquely shape this fair division of manhattan proper.
documents show that consultant akrf was working on ay for forest city ratner before it was hired by the esdc but the agencys conflictofinterest policy doesnt address issues of consecutive representation. also akrf was hired without any competitive bidding or public notice because the esdc was convinced speed and continuity were important.
(genaral najiya anwaar and fareda stand up as the servants retreat to the right side of the stage.)
welcome my wonderful plus sized divas as you know your here to share with myself and others about our fabulous plus sized lives so lets kick things off right ………………..now 
doctoral students are expected to publish papers and several of her papers were covered by grants and the companies who provided those grants considered the work proprietary so she could not publish them. now one of those papers has been released and she can publish that paper. so that has helped. things have been falling into place for her this year.
thats right friends and i use the term loosely aaron frakin rodgers the packers squeaked by the giants to preserve their perfect noloss season and in the process lifted your neophyte nonames into the hunt for playoff contention.
welcome to the sixth magnolialicious christmas card blog hop. this group was created for magnolia lovers who want to get a jump on the christmas season by creating a christmas card each month. if you are visiting this blog hop i hope it will inspire you to get ahead of the holiday season and join us in our endeavor.
incidentally alex sits directly across from ted. after tonight she may want to reconsider that.
and then agamemnon speaks to me… but not with words… nor does he gaze my way
my involvement in the bc conservatives dates back before anyone even really knew there was a party in that name. in i was asked by the local liberal riding president to come help them (i was also on the canadian alliance board at the time) which would have potentially put me in a very lucrative position for any future political aspirations i may have had. my answer to him was simple – thank you but i’m not a bc liberal i’m a bc conservative.
.) what if i have the worst hair day? speaking of hair will i have it upown straight curly?? ugh
regarding the esophageal dilation i had last month… it was unsuccessful. i still choke on thick foods and my gastroenterologist said my esophagus was dilated to mm which is supposedly a wide amount. you can’t argue with choking though so she’s going to have them repeat the procedure this time dilating to mm. that should take place in a week or two. hopefully it works. i have noticed an improvement since last time so i’m pretty sure one more time will take care of things.
affirmative
all the things i would write today wouldnt be good ones that much i can promise.
asked to comment satan from his villa in vatican city said “go ahead and think i am allah yahweh go ahead and say fulford is correct that is fine with me — for i am my name.”
clear micro beads
so what’s it like being a published author? you ask. has my life changed any since i published my book?
that was taken at "family day" for the hot shot crew.
theres nothing better than seeing him laugh joke play around and really
has physics made philosophy and religion obsolete? – yes it has says lawrence krauss theoretical physicist interviewed here. religion and philosophy struggle to answer fundamental question of why there is something rather than nothing. but physics can explain that perfectly well.
highest nav plan is mostly a debt instrument wherein most of your money is kept in fixed deposits and a minority (%) is invested in the stock market. i hope you understand that the value (nav) of your fixed deposit increases every day and every year and is at highest value(nav) whenever you withdraw. why would you pay the agent(initial hidden commission) and a financial company (annual hidden fees) to invest your money in fixed deposits? smelling false promises and thus a scam here
mitt romney says he’ll “get rid of planned parenthood” george w. bush surfaces to advocate for his rich buddies thank you president obama for the cheapest energy in the world murders can have supporters and a website? did you email your us senator and us rep. about the “buffett rule” as the president asked?
scroll on down if you dare...
so three things to remember from this blog post queen kat design has new releases which includes this gorgeous unicorn image; i am giving away blog candy to everyone who "goes green" and links a photo of their project in the comment section below; and there are a million uses for paint chips as well as other items you may have thought of as trash.
the anc government wants to nail the lid on the coffin of farm murders once and for all because many organisations including genocide watch have placed the blame squarely on savage racist blacks. european parliamentary members from member states representing different political formations have also condemned these attacks and murders.
. remember never fry the fish before smoking it like they do on masterchef nothing is worse than this as the smokey flavour does not permeate through the fish.
each tomb is a work of art whether sweetly cared for
the most lucrative contraband in europe with its intricate patterns and ephemeral hope threatens to cost them everything. lace may be the deliverance for which they all pray...or it may bring the ruin and imprisonment they all fear.
no matter what you say.
prepare jars and lids.
for a while it was as close to perfection as we imagined and then bryan got in a car accident and all that changed.
so far on africam today we have seen african (cape) buffalo hammerkop nyala elephant zebra wildebeest waterbuck impala baboons and giraffe. click here to see all of today’s pictures.
the top image is a view over the city of firenze or florence in italy. it has no direct relevance except that it’s a place where we want to spend more time on a regular basis.
i started a liver cleanse this week to kick off getting healthy(er). ive done this same program twice prior to this and i love the way it makes me feel afterwards. i thought it would be an ideal way to get on track and keep eating super clean from my prior experiences.
afterwards the kids took a photo with santa. lets just say he wasnt the most smiley santa ive seen. i guess it was towards the end of his shift ;) in anycase khloe didnt seem to mind she was all about the candy in his little bag
happy birthday to my wonderful sweet little girl who turned five yesterday. you are a gift from god that your father and i treasure every day. may you always be blessed.
i see a lot of seniors much younger than i who cannot even write an email. they still think of the ocean waves when i tell them i surf. the mere mention of the word “mouse” makes some feeling faint and weak.
for my card today i scouted blog land for a sketch to use on the hop. i went with this weeks card patterns sketch and stamped the sentiment from the song in my heart oval justrite set in the corner before i started to sponge on my colours. i then sponged on my various stampin up inks and then used my martha stewart leaf punch to make a reverse mask to create the sponged leaves. i finished off the main image with some of marthas butterfly punches to create the butterflies out of vellum.
i didn’t want to succumb to her dancing addiction any longer. i’d had enough. i’d never danced so much in my life. i thought welcome to latin america.
the rules for linking
this party caught me off guard a little i guess. ive known the reveal date all along dont get me wrong. however i procrastinated as is my way. i didnt intentionally procrastinate but the beads were refusing to speak to me
those were countable losses.
"you can never tell how things will get reported as a consequence of our interactions" president obama said. "when we met two years ago we exchanged beers from our hometowns. one news story said “david cameron and barack obama cemented their special relationship by hitting the bottle.”
bring the whipping cream to a boil stirring in the instant coffee. remove from heat and add chocolate. stir until most of the chocolate has melted. cover and let stand minutes then stirhisk gently until completely smooth. let cool to lukewarm and then pour over the pie and spread evenly. refrigerate for at least hour (again you can also use the freezer) and up to days.
its such a great comfort to know that our little apartment is situated on some faulty tectonic plate connected to a shifting one in indo and india those places have something happen to them yearly and now we are in the firing line this apartment block is not made of cardboard and wood and is so not collapsewithminimaldamage friendly.
a really nice roasted malt and burnt rubber aroma. (i sometimes find burnt rubber in my stouts and people say it sounds really unappetising.. but thats how it smells and im not trying to put it across as a bad thing.) the flavour is rich and creamy. big on the burnt malt roasted bitterness but light in the finish which is really good as it doesnt feel like its filling you up a problem im finding recently drinking pints of stout.
do you have any special plans for dinner this year? lunch? take out? dine in? fancy restaurant? your favorite hole in the wall? meal with the whole family? how do you celebrate? id sure love to hear...
i was so happy to receive them
so. here’s what i think. i think we should stop letting stupid quarrels divide the body of christ. i think we should live our lives reverently trying to honor the prayer that jesus prayed for us on his last night before he died. i think we should look at ourselves (not point fingers at others) and find out if we are projecting an accurate image of christ to the world — because whether we like it or not when the world looks for a physical representation of god we’re what they get. the church. the body of christ. are we a coordinated body that follows its head or are we full of spasms and seizures that hurt ourselves and others?
attorney do you recall the time that you examined the body?
i don’t know how mark’s family will carry on the relationship that survives his death. it’s unique for every member. i remember after my brother died my older brother and i headed out to oregon first in order to clean up any such scenes if timm had died in similar arrears. (he was an alcoholic but we heard he’d been in aa for a long while.) if there was any abuse going on his girlfriend had cleaned all evidence away by the time we go there. i carried on my relationship with timm by writing him verse letters and maintaining a blog about his life; my brother took timm’s camera and has become a reawakened gifted photographer.
wash whole sprigs of dill pat dry and lay in pan. place thinly sliced lemon slices over top. lay salmon over the dillemon. drizzle a tiny bit of olive oil over top and a small amount of salt & pepper.
learn more about birds and bird watching
final message.
a quirky smart charming pageturner hortens miraculous mechanisms will enchant young readersas well as teachers librarians and parents.
he is th generation of the famous
date thursday may 
my review of ‘the meat and wine co.’
frankly i’ve never heard this person sincerely apologizing to me. i don’t even know if she’s aware that she has done something wrong to people or just playing fool about it or does she even realize that she’s doing too much? on our physics class later she bullied me again like pulling my ponytail impudently and i did not violently react about it. i kept cool but i can’t help giving her the a**hole sign because she was too much. even if i frown in front her she ridiculously continues as if the other person still seems okay while the truth is hehe already gets upset at some point. she’s always superficial like that that is why my bond with her never progresses. she is hardly coated with gaudiness but she can’t open up from within. i know we’ve almost been together for two years but i’ve always wondered why our string doesn’t step up to next level. i’ve seen many flaws about her and most of her unpleasant traits that stink. every once in a while i understand that she can be able to create fragrance to our friendship but there’s not a single time that she’d bring it again to stench. it’s like a backwardforward relationship with people. but then again i have my own flaws so i don’t deserve reiterating hers because a hypocrite might have been killed by the time i finish this entry. i just wanted to point out the trait she has shown to me to us that made the last happenings build up a tension.
darwin claimed that all living species attained their present complex structures by undergoing small gradual changes. according to his imaginary claim an extremely lengthy evolutionary process must have taken place and primitive and halfdeveloped transitional life forms must once have existed in the past.
there were nights sitting in the car making out with my husband back when we were still dating. nights friends and i spent driving around just listening to music. early mornings that i miraculously stayed awake on my way to my five am shift to open at starbucks thanks to that cars amazing sound system.
i mourn the loss of my fairytale romance.
last night i actually made two recipes.carne asada and the halibut ceviche. i will post the carne asada tomorrow. so the first thing i had to do was get the marinade going for the meat. you dont want to get your ceviche going until it is about to hours away from meal time. even though the fish only "cooks" in the citrus juices it can over cook and be kind of rubbery.
it is a fact of nature that male and female bodies compliment each other no state law can change that simple truth. therefore i would argue that many young homosexuals in progay societies do not so much struggle with perceived homophobia but rather with the fact that they probably know innately that they have a sexual disorder that may lead to higher mental ill health drug and alcohol problems sti health risks loneliness promiscuity and all the other various shallow aspects of the gay culture. ask any homosexual man if he would rather have been heterosexual and my guess is that at least in youth he would answer yes of course this reaction is not because of homophobia in society but is rather due to the fact that all human beings innately know that one of the finest of all human estates is the vocation to the married life with an opposite sex partner and the chance of procreation.
also be sure to check out my dog plays runescape series because it rocks. and if you want to read more of what i think about premium membership check out my post “runescape what are you getting for $?”
the author also gives a theory about why gallipoli is so huge in the australian psyche. his theory is that the young australia had a reputation as being fun and frivolous. it was kind of like a partycountry. gallipoli was a chance to prove to the world that australia had moral integrity.
i will leave this post up first for some time for the wanderers by to note the ecwid plug might help someone at sometime....
due to a series of events phil and i have found our foundation damaged. trust and faith have lessened and we have gotten wet from the rain and standing waters that have risen. we tried to make repairs but have given into the fact that we need the help. a close mate of our is helping to carry the load at times and assist with repairs for both of us. three sets of footprints have become at times. whether it’s the guys walking and carrying the load for me or we are carrying the load for phil. his footprints will forever be a part of our lives.
growing and going…
i am writing this blog with the thought that it may never see the "publish" button or maybe it will i am torn on this issue but feel the need to empty out my brain before it explodes...and here is why
your long awaited ship in its swell.
this is a small example of the pitfalls of esta. even when a worker is a threat to one’s safety and livelihood you cannot get rid of him. many workers have abused this law. was this the goal of the legislation that farmers would be at the mercy of people who are not only of no use to the farm operation but who are a danger to the whole farming venture?
we are giving away the copy of the audiobook (cd) that we reviewed. just fill out the form below
love finds an altar for forbidden fires.
im grousing today.
“we noticed that people began lining up for dinner as early as a.m.” said major francina proctor central oklahoma area command.
in the poem entitled "waste management" a rather haughtylooking vulture pulls at a strand of the innards of a carcass while standing on the exposed ribs. here is the poem that accompanies it.
october patricia breslin modell actress (meg baldwin on "general hospital") 
if you have decided that you really want to make finding free things one of your main goals then you need to become a detective. you really need to acquire all of the skills of a talented sleuth. you need to learn skills that are specific to your trade.
do we really mean that limiting access to my psychoactive substance of choice is bad whereas those other drugs (others choices) need controlling. is this something to do with the "narcissism of small differences"?
» – tampa fl @ st. pete times forum
th april the unicorn camden london uk (with stubb trippy wicked grifter)
family and friends are invited to the after party each adult $ for a ticket children eat free.
as gales roar around them
set the pan onto a couple large sheets of aluminum foil and smooth them up the sides of the pan to waterproof.
we fight in a spiritual war that can only be waged with spiritual weapons. satan and his demons would like nothing better than to disrupt our relationships and break up our families. every home is a target. we cannot remain passive.
something else that i have been trying to tackle lately naptime landon is a little uhm spoiled. yes in short weeks he will be years old but we still rock him to sleep for both nap and bedtime. so how am i to do that while also nursing and caring for a week old? not to mention that i am not supposed to carry anything over pounds for up to weeks due to my csection? its not easy but were getting there. we have been crawling up into the master bed watch a little bit of nick jr. and then when the tv takes a nap (that goodness for timers) then we do to. corinne lays next to me and nurses herself to sleep...so hopefully this will continue to work
but luckily they scrounged around and found an actual measuring tape.
didnt her husband say something about once having been to a folk festival? "hmmm" she pondered. "i dont think robert would go to a folk festival though hes taken our younger son to reading." and what about morris dancing? "its good fun for a while but i find it gets boring theres only so many times you can watch men banging sticks on the ground before it pales.
the stones are evenly spaced row after row life after life. setting sun pours a final goodbye over the land.
season 
two brothers philip and bartholomew
ronnie mcneir ~ i just wanna dance with you ~ sunset island records ~ 
if you’re having a hard time grasping that god wants you to have
he gets down on his knee.
a stunning archive of the thousands of depositions from protestants who experienced the catholic rising in ireland have gone online following three years of effort by the university of aberdeen trinty college dublin and the university of cambridge.
even though the doctor said not to it is possible that i am freaking out a little. i know we are lucky and that it is most likely not a big deal but "your son has a tumor" are not really word i like hearing.
but at daybreak on the first day of the week they took the spices they had prepared and went to the tomb. they found the stone rolled away from the tomb; but when
messages to the brain that cause you feel fuller faster. plus herbs and spices have even higher antioxidants than fruits and vegetables. hot peppers are a diet aid because capsaicin has been shown to rev up the metabolism. black pepper increases calorie burning by stimulating the nervous system as well as the mitochondria in cells. cinnamon has been found to slow the rate of stomach emptying after meals and reduce the postmeal rise in blood sugar. a recent study found that adding turmeric to your diet can stall weight gain by preventing new blood vessel growth; research also shows that it fights cancer and alzheimer’s and curbs fat accumulation. garlic fights viruses prevents arteries from hardening and has been linked to reduced risk of at least seven types of cancer.
finally this will result in more traffic to the website onlinenursingclasses and a higher rank in google.
i don’t know why this makes me so upset. maybe it just cements the fact that my childhood is dead. certainly my little ponies can come back to life and lego never died but everything bears the psychological scars of the noughties now. everything died once or almost died due to one of those postepoch crashes and busts. toys r us itself was almost killed by walmart a while back right? and i know the one the next town over has closed.
most of our ebooks will disappear into the ether over time. they will be worse than out of print. you can get an out of print book in the library. i spent years working on books that had been their version of out of print for years. digital archiving is a good and useful thing as long as we dont destroy the physical copies in our arrogant assumption that our formats are forever. but in two hundred years will anyone be able to read a kindle book? will they in forty years? if we really needed to we could convert something yes. but not as easily as we can call up a physical book from the british library stores.
reminds me of trying to navigate shanghai back in and beijing in .
memories made and saved until next year
there are three options that i think are viable to defining these folks.
remove cake from oven and allow to cool for minutes in the pan
"i have four different kinds of mustard"
wexler takes them to the dean who bitches them both out in front of him and reese. paul tries to tell the dean about the axbut wexler explains that he uses it as a prop in his urban legend class. when paul asks wexler directly about the massacre in stanley hall the dean asks reese and the professor to leave so that he can speak to them in private.
at the start of her descent she could hear the clinks and mutterings of her following foes. the sound became muffled then silenced as her heedless gait drove her onwards. a few times during her descent she passed open archways with similar corridors beyond but they were generally choked with sand or had such awful stenches emanating from them that sharia passed by without consideration. in places the corridor itself threatened to end in a cavein of sand but she always managed to push through and onward.
the fitted mattress pad is filled with ozd² natura smart wash wooltm creating a moisturefree temperature controlled barrier that repels common allergens and is machine washable the cotton sateen cover has a fully elasticized cotton percale skirt that fits mattresses up to inch in height.
lauren cacciatore
ive been looking through my old entries
. saves you money.
a federal judge in san antonio granted bartee’s request to put off the execution so he may press his claim that further testing of crimescene evidence should be done and that it would point to his innocence.
hubby okay what did you want to talk about?
then i returned from spring break to find my friendverse profile hacked. someone clearly out to ruin me had spilled the most damaging secrets and posted the worst photos of me ever taken online.
sickoin hellsorry im late .hey lets order something to eat and wao you are looking prettyseems like a girl in shroud.
a brilliant solution to a glass paneled door cover the glass on the inside with fabric just use a little liquid starch to adhere it. this door leads into a walk in pantry so no matter how "messy" it may get youll never see it. plus i love the contrast of colors and pattern.
what are some of those key traits? lets look briefly at two systems that are efficient despite diametrically opposed approaches to universal access. the health care system of finland (%gdp on health care of .% hce of .) is governmentowned and operated classic beveridge model socialized medicine. singapore (%gdp on health of .% hce of .) is a publicprivate partnership funded by a combination of government subsidies a limited nhi scheme mandatory health savings accounts and outofpocket payments. nonetheless these two disparate systems have much in common
my first impression? looks like a builder or even a gangster from essex. with particularly defined arms. jony ive looks like a bad boy.
 july hilton orlando bonnet creek orlando florida usa
i can look at it & see my smile & feel again how happy i was in that moment
the show? yessss the show. was awesome. fuck it just does not matter that i fell in love with simon lebon twentyfour years ago. i. still. love. him. and he still looks bloody hot in his tight black trousers. at one point he did this little dance move with a growl combo move and i swear to god the frisson i felt might as well have been generated when i was fourteen years old. (i saw milena whoop at that one too. its not just me.)
shes pretty deep and incredibly articulate about some topics others never seem to quite capture. but shes right on the money far more often than shes not. if im a link in a chain thats one of the links before me that helped me get here. i owe her a debt of gratitude.
. drain pasta. add to ingredients in skillet with parmesan and basil mix well. serve topped with chicken.
coconut scraped tablespoons
a key difference between the troubles and our muslim troubles is that there will be no hinterlands no rural areas in which muslims can operate with a minimum of attention being paid to them. there will certainly be no equivalent of the bandit country of south armagh which the south armagh pira turned into a virtual nogo zone for the british army for most of the troubles through the attentions of the south armagh sniper and others. it will be as if every single rural area in ni had been utterly dominated by loyalist populations and paramilitaries republicans had been entirely boxed into ghettoes there had been no republic of ireland to act as training ground or sanctuary and republicans would have been immediately identifiable as such if they were so foolish as to venture out into the countryside to try and test a bomb. this will be quite a disadvantage for muslim paramilitaries to put it mildly.
now heres one especially for iain banks the usa and the uk initiate a war in iraq in which more than iraqi civilians are killed. but israel thinks its exempt from the demands of common humanity.
i let you fall into the shadow
 plate of ham baked beans carrots broccoli deviled eggs
do you feel that unschooling has had an impact on what methods of earning money or jobs youre drawn to?
sideb darkroom skin transfers
. deadline
scratch here ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ to reveal today’s status.
god is our refuge and strength
another teacher who would get quite exuberant and energetic about his subject but who decided never to wear any deodorant was given a can of sure for men on his desk every christmas as all his students could concentrate on were dark patches of sweat under the arms as he waved them about. we never paid much attention to the actual content of his sweat inducing rants.
however it is the silence of mca and other umno lackeys that are most deafening.
. shield’s headquarters was awesome
a few labour sops to the press are only intended as distractions. £ million "added" to the nhs wales budget is simply a slowing of £ billion in cuts already proposed and will quickly be destroyed by inflation which is running at %. an extra £ million for the environment consists in reality of £ million added to subsidise incineration and £ million cut from other areas to make up the difference. a new jobs fund will create at most minimum wage jobs over three years a sticking plaster which wont even make up for the jobs lost as a result of the assemblys other cuts.
so....what did i do with my newly found time on my hands? i drank a cup of coffee and read a book....uninterrupted...in complete silence.....it was heaven. i am so happy for asha because i know that she will thrive in her new school. she will make new friends and learn new stuff....like.... how to sit quietly for more than seconds at a time. love you asha
the lost art of keeping secrets (eva rice)
there is a specific order to the readings done at mass. the people sit and the lector stands at the ambo and reads the first reading from the lectionary. the lector can either be a man or woman. sometimes teens are lectors. the first reading is from the old testament (except during the easter season) which was written before jesus was born and relates to the gospel reading of the day.
patrick joseph driscoll manalapan n.j.
“and foreigners who bind themselves to the lord
of course it would have been completed four months ago before she actually arrived in the world if it hadnt been for that pesky eight week hospital sojourn (giving it a sweet name derived from old french makes it sound so much more appealing).
with crisp white trim i think either could work and might look really nice. but i have such a hard time visualizing exteriors im not sure why i can picture fabrics patterns furniture layouts in my head but i have a much harder time when it comes to the exterior features.
the onus should not be put on me to make the best of a shitty situation someone else caused. the lies the mistakes the blame the arrogance …
my words are peter answering ‘lov’st thou me?’
i want the world to be a good place and for people to be good people. i like to believe that everyone is good. innocent until proven guilty. i have faith in human kind. i wish everyone else could have a bit of trust and not be so quick to judge a kind act as something with a nasty hidden agenda.
stroke.data data;
first can i just say a big hello to my new followers *waves to my new pals* lovely to see you it also means ive crept closer to the big followers which was my target for the first blog giveaway ) guess i better get busy making something for that then hope youll all enter
 magnetic field lines which were once sparse are also compressed together. the result is an object with a magnetic field billions of times greater than earths.
"i like rubio. i liked him fine until this" said heidi harris a radio host from tucson ariz. "i want him to be stronger on the immigration issue. its interesting now that hes getting a backlash."
i guess she’s right. my intellectual knowledge that no human lives forever has morphed into a personal knowledge that my life is terminal. as for my illness it will take years to know if i’ve been “cured.” yet somehow i’m finding peace in my heart not anxiety.
men like peace and quiet sometimes. i know you women like to share feel and connect with us at odd times of the day. this is one of the major reasons why men prefer to be single to being cuffed (in a relationship); because we risk losing that quiet time. here’s an example of a good time frame for quiet time
a couple of weeks ago i saw a listing for an upcoming handel and haydn society concert “zest for love” at sanders theater in cambridge featuring music by monteverdi poetry by shakespeare. i got instantly excited “zest for love monteverdi i’ll be damned if they don’t perform amor” i thought. and they did perform it. a classical music concert sounds like a more decent thing to do on a day (february ) that it’s imperative to celebrate love. i have a problem with this hallmark holiday. i can celebrate love everyday or simply whenever i want i don’t need anybody to tell me when. but for some people that day is important and attending the concert was much better than going to an expensive and busy restaurant.
. . . pushes my creativity to new levels.
initially the actors were reported to have no qualms doing the scenes. even now they haven’t expressed any displeasure or disinterest. in fact it is ayan who is having a change of mind; the director no longer seems insistent on retaining the intimate scenes. it is learnt that ayan now feels there’s a visible difference in how ranbir and deepika relate to each other. “though they’re like friends doing intimate scenes for the camera is a different thing altogether. so if ayan senses any awkwardness on part of either of them especially deepika in the intimate scenes then he’d rather do away with them. if that comfort level is not there to be seen on camera then that could affect the overall chemistry they share in the film” explains a source.
here’s what changes
so are we going to just roll over and give up? someone somewhere wants mr wilders and all of us to spout lies on pain of punishment; inconveniently for some wilders has decided to stand up and tell the truth despite everything even the very real threat of a horrible death.
nevertheless the significance of these results have been disputed ronald c. kessler professor of health care policy at harvard medical school and principal investigator for the study claims that the findings are likely related in part to americans’ willingness to talk about their depression.
but i have come to be comfortable
in dr. bateson was allegedly invited by taylor pryor to work under cover of the oceanic foundation in hawaiion cetacean and other problems of animal and human communication. bateson remained in hawaii working with the culture institute of the ewc. it was during the ewchu period that bateson developed the fourth period – the new epistemology – that stems from systems and ecology.[] human “ecology” is a cia codeword for behavior modification and mind control.[]
let me get back to the point.
men standing in glassless windows are swinging reinforcements with a lot of strength from floor to floor upwards. rhythmical and without mistakes – regular as a clockwork. in huge deep plates the women in colourful saris are carrying the prepared cement to their husbands. the experienced teams of two are working their way from room to room always with the same pace.
the last tenant was someone who mr bc knew from school she had lost her home in the joplin tornado and was having trouble finding a place to stay where she could have her pets she had cats and dogs so we took pity and rented to her. i had not seen the inside of the house until they moved out. mr bc said the carpet did not smell like that before they moved in but since it was so old and needed to be replaced anyway (really cheap and very ugly) we did not give her a hard time about the state of the carpet. we just bit the bullet. i am not sure after dd moves out that i really want to be a landlord. since we inherited it i would like to flip it. but he owns it with his sister so for now we are all landlords.
 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder
fill muffin pans three quarters full and bake for about minutes or until a skewer comes out clean when inserted in centre of muffin
third guiness baby
my friend gave me a card and wrote how remarkable our friendship is for its ability to bring out the best in each other. it seems that we have always been able to see each other’s truest wisest selves. that kind of friendship is a true gift.
i heard most of the first hours of program which continued through the night; hours in all. my mind was overloaded when i stopped. i look forward to listening to other presentations.
these were incredibly humbling experiences for me. i am so grateful for a teenage son who is willing to share his feelings with me. i am grateful that he trusts me. and i am grateful that he is finding out for himself that he is becoming a man of faith.
here is god’s idea to help our kids
i dropped nara off at the airport yesterday and i still have no word as to if she made it home safely
thanks to the generosity of the blogosphere isaac collected enough money for legal representation (though this lawyer must have been working partially pro bono since the total raised was somewhat over two thousand dollars a very modest legal fee).
"we made it spunkhead"
batath reaches the bottom of the slope. warth tells the men on the top of the slope to take one last shot with slings. worter htuya wedth vala and culf do so all miss.
most adventurous brewery cib brewery between a bourbon ale a boozed up quadruple brown ale a beer made with volcano peppers and a brisket beer cib took a lot of chances (though they didnt all hit the mark necessarily)
he was a real kid not a showoff hollywood brat. and even though
 choose black as your background colour and your first font (kaileen)
b.p.r.d. hell on earth the pickens county horror 
benjamin
beneath rind; honey
tell all your friends and ill see you around town.
 garlic cloves diced
message me with anymore questions…
tv shows that i like watching house hunter international saturday night live queen of ny
let us celebrate the biological ties of motherhood but let us also celebrate the power of love and nurturing from all the women in our lives even those women with whom we share no blood ties grandmothers and aunties; "play" mothers and godmothers; church mothers and neighborhood mothers. celebrate all the women who were not allowed to be mothers to their children. celebrate all the women who cannot or will not ever be mothers. celebrate the women who made the courageous decision to give their children to families who could care for them. celebrate the women who when left and abandoned made a way out of no way for their children. celebrate all the complications of motherhood...even loss. and while you celebrate say a prayer for those who so deeply feel the pain of being a motherless child including those of us who are motherless mothers.
bruschetta with mushrooms sundried tomatoes and basil
what hills of peace or pain he won?
while at ewcuh bateson was also working on secret cybernetic research for the u.s. national institute of mental health a covert mk ultra funding institution [] and the wennergren foundation (viking fund).[] axel wennergren was a swedish nazi financier eugenicist (pseudorace science) and close associate of the reichsstatthatter of prussia hermann goering.[]
stan might also be making the connection that his mafia friends are not so friendly after all. this season has been better so far with the exception of us following the politician which is a bit boring. i’m assuming he must still be connected in some way perhaps his rival will be linked to it all and he will be involved in uncovering it thus redeeming his professional reputation.
put cornstarch and sugar in a saucepan. add lemon juice and water and whisk til smooth. heat on medium heat whisking constantly until thickened and pudding like.
did you know that target has all their big toy coupons also online? so if you want to get two of something you can use the one from your book and then print off another copy from their website.
i thew her a small birthday party with an owl theme in mind. everything came together and she had a wonderful time. i bought one of those paper packs from michaels that has coordinating sheets (i think about ?) and it made all the crafting super easy. here are the details thanks for looking
spring comedy. weddings apple blossom maypoles no more misunderstandings—away with the old on with the new.
the minutes before katniss stepped into the "tube" that transported her up into the arena were amazing. numerous closeups of kat shaking like a leaf. her eyes convey fear unlike anything ive ever seen in film...not even carol ann freeling youre scared right along with her.
this day see
black cardigan ann taylor loft
i’m thinking of bringing with me two different camera backs at all times one loaded with colour film and the other with black and white so i have a choice and if there is not enough light i can always shoot bw and push it.
i have a lot of places to visit in the marais already from small museums like the cognacqjay to shops like mariage frères (where ill be buying kilos of red and green tea) and le jardin moghul. in addition to these there are all the new stores and cafés to explore and i almost dont want to overthink this section of the tripwho knows what delight will be around the corner as long as im actively looking. still there are a small number of shops im determined to visit such as cos at rue des rosiers and voyages (a dépôtvente) at rue saintlouis en lîle. would you have any other recommendations given my taste in clothes and food?
package includes
spring time to me in southern ontario was while cycling marked by these annual flowers as well as the purple bunches and smell of lilacs and yellow brilliance of forsythia bushes. once we cycled a km. trip between toronto and hamilton’s royal botanical gardens where there was a large demonstration area of a wide variety of lilacs.
(and you tell me that harvard has a jesuit house).
this country is lost to say the least. it is so focussed on the negative that the long term positive outcome is missed completely. a selfcentred negativity prevails sparking the flight response whereby everyone wants to leave and follow idealists promising a promised land a canaan of their own a volkstaat in their language.
evelyn telfer a reproductive biologist at edinburgh university has already informally approached the human fertilization and embryology authority (hfea) with a view to submitting a formal license application within the next few weeks.
prize pack is a preorder pack
 merely
we determine this not only by what we say but how we act. if our actions meet the criteria for high moral principles we are not bound by other peoples faulty perceptions.
risking it for a few
about amazing stories amazing stories™ features a variety of titles to entertain delight and fascinate. dedicated to great storytelling these true canadian stories range from funny to daring to purely inspirational. the books are identified by genre – history biography women animal human interest mystery romance business etc.– to help you identify the books that you are interested in either for yourself or as a gift for others.
i’m sure that the world could have done better without the slogans which is as much a contributor to noise pollution as vehicles.
the starlight night
today i signed a historic agreement between the united states and afghanistan that defines a new kind of relationship between our countries — a future in which afghans are responsible for the security of their nation and we build an equal partnership between two sovereign states; a future in which war ends and a new chapter begins.
when matthew returned to the van i looked back as we drove away from betsy until we turned and i could no longer see her and i knew i wouldnt see her again. i held her battered license plate in my hands.
a messianic rose banner by lois prahlow a holy week banner by lois prahlow luther’s small catechism by lois prahlow creation banner by lois prahlow one church many ministries by lois prahlow overcoming temptations banner by lois prahlow pentecost banner by lois prahlow easter butterfly banner by lois prahlow advent banner “o antiphons” by lois prahlow church banners by designer patt tiemeier global community global economy global politics
. put the lid securely on the blender. make sure it is on tight hold down the lid with your hand (so the lid is not forced off by the spinning liquid) and turn the blender on to high speed. blend until the shake is thick and smooth.
over the past six months there has been a particularly dramatic exodus of taxpayers. at least million mostly white skilled south african taxpayers have already fled the country since shipping dozens of containerloads of goods out...each week. every of the houses now sold in the country are by taxpaying families of all races fleeing the country of their birth with their young children...
what is the role of the fashion blogger in promoting businesses like your own? huge. anyone who would underestimate that would be silly there are too many fabulous blogs for me to start listing here but my latest fashion blogger encounter was with the lovely sandra from incheandup who i met just a couple of days ago. she only started her blog and now gets . views a day. that’s just mad. there are certain bloggers who would wear something for their blog and that particular item would sell out in the shops. so if i get the fashion bloggers interested in my store i’ll be very happy.
anyway standing in my back garden i breathed in the fresh scent of spring rain. the weather is warm today but still cool enough to warrant long sleeves. as i write this the clouds are finally turning white and breaking up and i can even see the sun starting to poke through. there may even be a glimpse of blue sky if you look carefully…
i come to fulfill the law...
start off by dragging your inks across the cardstock from one side to the other side dont worry too much about being neat it will just add to the wood grain look.
saturday freebie we usually eat out on saturdays
this took some tremendous patience on frank’s to communicate however because it was very difficult to make out anything that he shouted. this was due to his peculiar accent and cadence of speech which he most likely picked up during his years of tutelage at the feet of a great karate master or perhaps during his childhood when he watched too many godzilla movies or undubbed anime shows. the accent was a bizarre witches brew of japanese midwestern and southern accents all delivered with a japanese pacing. the shouting didn’t aid clarity nor did the fact that he sometimes shouted actual japanese words. all of this added together to form an unintelligible slightly eastern sounding babble that was lightly seasoned with japanese and english words. this would be excusable if frank was from japan but he wasn’t. he was a caucasian male of less than average height from the greater birmingham area and he took to karate like most people take to breathing. if karate was a cocaine then frank would be scarface.
we still haven’t started trying for another baby yet in case anyone is wondering. i feel like this summer would be the best time even if i’m not exactly where i want to be healthwise i just can’t put it off forever. that deadline is quickly approaching however. i’ve just started a “couch to k” program. my friend cassie and i are planning to do a k in about weeks. i am hoping that i can really make a habit of exercise and continue on after i get pregnant.
have a lovely rest of the week everyone
and the jews of the faith who had come with peter were full of wonder because the holy spirit was given to the gentiles
until they are yelling..
five of the soldiers are on trial for premeditated murder after they staged killings to make it look like they were defending themselves from taliban attacks.
small piece of dark chocolate.
pm prepare milk infusion for bread sauce. parboil the potatoes and parsnips. once parboiled drain and either shake the pan or run the tines of a fork over the sides of the potatoes to rough up the edges. leave to air dry.
july 
then i am paid;
"today government is announcing its first assessment of the need for reform of the design intellectual property framework. in may in his report to the prime minister professor hargreaves concluded that design had a “very important contribution to make to growth” to the tune of £ billion to be precise (and still a growth area) and yet he was critical of the policy makers whose role in supporting ip in this significant branch of the economy had been neglected. so the good news for designers is there has been a flurry of activity and acid welcomed the opportunity to paint the picture of sme reality by providing solid evidence from a diverse set of case studies. these highlighted the often grim problems that designled companies face. this we were told has provided a valuable and credible foundation for future policy in this first ipo assessment. government plans to publish a formal consultation on how to proceed in late spring ".this is accompanied by a comment from acid’s ceo dids macdonald
paul understood this blessing of giving and receiving that when someone blesses you in your life it is good and right and appropriate to share your blessings with them at some point in return freely and voluntarily.
so as much as id like a new pair of jeans or a simple summer dress (vanessa bruno athe at anaise printemps % off) i think ill sit this season out.
a similar dinner occurred at my maternal grandparents’ caterpillar green clapboard two storey sitting just across the garden from the turquoise model. this grandmother – mom skanes – took her cold plate – with turkey instead of ham – into the den where the radio and the bible sat. i don’t remember hearing the radio but am sure she opened the bible for comfort.
the tempura course that followed featured a small assortment of spring vegetables (i didn’t catch all the japanese names) served with grated ginger daikon and dashibased dipping sauce. the light batter really allowed the vegetables to shine through however their clean flavours were so delicate the sauce did overshadow them slightly.
native hungarian band thy catafalque proves to nary explore uninteresting places since their sound varies from track to track often drawing from the influences of folk black metal industrial and doom. i don’t think i’ve ever heard an album like this – which when it comes to progressive metal especially usually means mission accomplished. not to say i was unfamiliar with the road this band was taking me down but its destinations were different from what i was expecting. this is the first album by this band i’ve had a chance to hear yet but there’s not a weak track to be found here.
if you and she have a conversation or im or text or email she may post it on her blog — if it is of interest to her.
also unfortunate is his depiction of both native american and english cultures in the story of the clash that resulted when the latter fist landed in virginia. it’s obvious that a great deal of energy was spent on a genuine attempt to appreciate native culture but the ultimately bucolic and toothless depiction lends itself more to fantasy than reality. and a romantic fantasy is probably the best way to describe the new world. it’s nominally more successful as a romance than a drama and qorianka kilcher who couldn’t have been older than or when filming began is an incredibly magnetic and lovely presence. however making the strongest and most likable character in the film a beautiful young girl who is all the more attractive to her suitors for her innocence and ignorance reveals a streak of misogyny that turns the romance sour. in the end world can be appreciated for little more than its visual beauty.
shes not into it the look any longer but i was in love with french neoclassical and wanted to change the color but not the patina.
as a lot of you know by now my debut novel remembrance was inspired by taylor swifts "love story" music video. i talked all about it in a blog entry a few months ago discussing how remembrance was inspired by taylor swifts "love story" music video. i even wrote a letter to taylor swift and sent it to her along with a signed book
as a fun project as an escape from the serious storylines i have recently begun a vampire comedy series of short stories put together as an anthology. the first short releases december and will have a total of five shorts releasing around holidays in .
 tsp salt (to taste)
as it turned out i would be leaving with a bit of both.
it is set to become a vessel.
traffic rolls to a stop in both the french quarter and uptown as there is always a parade starting (or ending) and the floats line the sidestreets waiting for their turn. floats can be huge carrying hundreds (literally hundreds) of riders. in the krewe of orpheus set a record (at that time) with riders on a single float.
most men understand they can not survive without women. ladies can you say the same about men? i hope so. the truth is we would die without each other.
i have already posted several of my favorites lists and and now i want to concentrate on my favorite restaurants of the past year. this is certainly not a complete list but it is more a sampling of memorable matters i have experienced andr posted about over the past year. some of the winners are the same as last year and if so i will provide a link to last years list where you can read the details of that restaurant. restaurants which are consistently good certainly deserve recognition and i have tried to place their returning winners at the bottom of this post.
many thanks to john rivis sophie dickerson and stephen cook for the use of images from their personal collections.
first of all we should pray for there is great power in prayer. james tells us that the prayers of a righteous man avails much. i hope every christian will pray daily to god for peace if it be in accordance with his will.
i have been here quite a few times and never had bad service or any mistakes and the food is always tasty and fresh so it gets a big thumbs up from me for a great local thai restaurant. byo wine and beer makes for a great value night out.
ok hands up who hates hiccups? i am lay here on my bed trying to do a post of the day and i have cider hiccups cider mixed with supermarket own brand dry roasted peanuts kind of hiccups they aren’t nice they definitely aren’t funny and i don’t want to be the owner of any hiccups whatever style they come in which brings me to the other part of my blog… antsy… grieving lows highs irritable bomb explosion personality of jekyll and hyde oh yes ok in a supermarket get into the car and bang change heads and start growling at other half whilst he drives don’t ask me why i haven’t got a clue i just do it.
. the difference between confidence and arrogance is your ability to clearly see your own weaknesses and your humility.
finally indexed annuities allow investors to track the performance of a financial index. the annuity will usually track the index in a bull market; however the issuers of the annuity also guarantee a minimum annual interest rate to avoid losses when the index is in a downturn.
the section im treating you to is about drinking vessels. and more particularly why drink from a tankard. there are a couple of surprising answers.
my mood drops with the temperature as the cold seasons arrive. i only realize this when the sun comes back and the green shoots start to appear. thats when i can compare my new sunny mood to the gloomy cloud hovering above me during the winter.
fight for everyone in every circumstance. if we have the love of god it should come as no extra work or issue in our lives.
“a mother must be physically strong emotionally stronger and spiritually strongest.” this is the message that pascale burns mother of four and midtown educational foundation advocate shared with more than mothers on saturday feb. .
quite honestly it’s awesome to see how far she has come over the years. it’s awesome to see how far the youth group has come over the years. it’s completely amazing even looking at how far i’ve come since that point in my life.
or has he planned for us all along?
suffice it to claim there are numerous people making massive incomes doing this parttime by promoting these dubious cpa offers. the ones which make the serious cash are those who can promote an offer in such a manner as to attract people who may truly be interested in trying the product. if you can master the science and art of selling you too could likely earn a good living doing this too.
yet i continue to find myself trying to explain what i am saying on this topic to other christians. i have been questioned about this a lot. people are always telling me i am too hard on myself. some might suggest my view of salvation is skewed. recently a good friend and brother one very astute in matters of the faith and also very spiritually minded has expressed that whenever he hears someone speak as i do he often finds that it is due to some stronghold of sin still residing within the one speaking. i understand the points these different people make yet these thoughts do not adequately describe where i am coming from. yes there are a multitude of sins i could easily resort back to in my life i don’t think anyone who came to christ as a sinner should ever think they are beyond falling back into their old sinful habits. i suppose god has delivered people completely from a particular sin but most people spend their entire lives in the shadows of their old nature. matthew cautions us to "watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. the spirit is willing but the body is weak." the battle between flesh and spirit does not end when we become christians. the war really just begins. but that is not really what it is i speak of.
to enter the challenge this week please provide a direct link to your new project using the linky feature below by thursday may th at pm est. winner and top stampers will be announced on friday morning the st.
.) health
sentret is johto’s early starting normal (rodentbased) pokemon much like rattata zigzagoon bidoof and patrat. the wallpaper was slightly challenging to balance because sentret is so vertical (standing on its tail and all). sentret kind of looks like a cross between azumaril and ursaring haha.
finally the woman stands up and with a fierce look lifting her arms toward the night planet she thus exclaims
in either case a “planning proposal” is prepared that justifies the proposed lep. that proposal is considered by the minister. this step is referred to as the “gateway determination” (section of the act). the minister determines at this stage whether the draft lep should proceed and on what conditions.
paperwhite springtime vintage dp
today unceremoniously after almost years i stopped being a vegan. my heart literally pounded when i put the first forkful of rice and chicken broth in my mouth. it pounded as i ate every other bite in the rest of the bowl. it pounded minutes after i finished. my body waited in some sort of....pausing? testing? making sure that i was really okay state of being. that i had just finished my first intentional mouthful of liquid chicken parts in approximately days. that i was not going to break out in hives. or puke.
marta caricato the only phd i know in marketing besides steve harrison explained how to plan. formerly with coralurobet she worked with me for years before moving to the largest direct investment firm in britain hargreaves lansdown where she works directly with the founder.
un abbraccio
 c. heavy cream
drag and who are your parents?
or the thoughts of several frustrated intellectuals on sociology gaming science politics science fiction religion and whatever the hell else strikes their fancy. there is absolutely no reason why you should read this blog. none. seriously. go hit your back button. its up in the upper lefthand corner of your browser... it says "back." dont say we didnt warn you.
look them over & let me know some feedback on them i not real familiar whese ones yet.
€. veg
a midrange migraine cancered membrane
chemical toilets.
me thinks i gothd her up just a bit. i used copic toner grays for the black my favorite "dead" skin combo (bv bv c) and for the red r r r r. the two papers are from karen foster the glittery diecut is from a lss may arts bat trim & who knows where the black heart brad came from ) did you notice i added a little rhinestone on her garter too? love it.
we will also have a light snack available during the final show for the participants but we recommend them also having water with them.
myself? well this week i have applied for two jobs one in an insuranceension office (sales assistant) and the others a solicitor (filing clerk). however there is a few positions of care assistants going in the leek congleton etc area that i need to ring the appropriate source for. i will get trained to nvq level ii in care if i get the care job this will be great and may help me towards getting my nvq ii in childcare too somewhere along the line although i recognise they are two different qualifications
they searched every hole and corner of the house and just as they were about to give up the hunt white saw a woman’s foot inside the old fireplace. stooping down the detective discovered the ghost. he dragged her out into the room tore away a sheet from the woman’s head and discovered a trim but greatly frightened woman. she was a mrs. john barrett who had been making her home at the house and the ghost business was merely a sham to keep people from entering the house.
fathom india pale lager
recently nato’s allied command operations website announced the resumption of what had been annual military exercises employed to integrate partners in the balkans the former soviet union the eastern mediterranean and the persian gulf.
a few thoughts almost three full days of quieting
smock at waistline at back for best fit
see you soon...
all the lands of the earth make contributions here;)
dear cloud is going to release a new ep on august and hold a concert for it on august . therefore to celebrate their return to the music scene after their st album dear cloud () and nd album grey () i would like to propose a compilation of congratulatory video for them.
–dodging. required. best to bind to an extra mouse button if you have a multibutton mouse.
and journey comes to a halt.
todays prompt
when i stopped being the martyr when i stopped feeding off my regret and started living actively and accepting the consequences of the choices i’d made doors opened. i’d never imagined that possible but they did.
q) what song do you often listen to when you’re on the move?
tamarinds tablespoon soak in water
walker is easily one of the most notorious mayors of new york but today we can appreciate his brashness his independence and class just as we can lament his subservience to diabolic tammanyera politics. he wasnt the last disgraced mayor the city would see in the th century but his abdication neatly defines the modern eras defining fall from grace.
a critical problem that may arise is that not all broadband plans are the same and service providers will overload networks in order to maximize their profits. therefore it’s very important that you give much attention to the reliability aspect along with the costing. some providers may even offer a free trial or a month money back guarantee.
silently i closed the door and look a last look at her through the glass window. she was a survivor a brave one and she had a beautiful smile of a child.
i sing
we hold each other’s hearts in our hands.
writing is my favorite way of passing time. and because i’m bilingual i write my tales in two languages german and english. so far my short stories were mostly written in english for a simple reason. people actually get paid for short stories in the englishlanguage regions whereas the proof copy is considered enough payment for most publishers in the germanlanguage industry. on the other hand all my novels have been written in german (i used to have a german agent with exclusive novel rights …) however this will change as my englishlanguage friends are clamoring to read my novels.
it is this author’s opinion that as a prerequisite to effectively confronting the nihilistic dangers of the antimodernist menace we may have to first subdue a selfrighteous american demon within ourselves. this internal enemy is largely a product of outgroup ascription. it constitutes a national attitude perpetuated by a volatile mix of outsider perceptions and selfrighteous american idealism. it generates rage in our enemies and distrust and alienation amongst our potential friends and likely contributes to u.s. exclusion from important partnerships like the sinorussian agreement noted earlier. in short our attitude and actions could be titled imperial america.
here’s a closeup so you can see the detail. i added little adhesive gemstones to the handles. i love them.
not different from a lonely tree…
name of account bush radio
(g) where a full member or an associate member suffers or is subject to an insolvency event.
i am now in control of my finances with the help and guidance of god.
the distinguished service cross is presented to emil buckendahl private u.s. army for extraordinary heroism in action near gesnes france october . private buckendahl a litter bearer on his own initiative went out from a position of shelter to an exposed flank under intense machinegun fire and carried back to safety a wounded soldier who had been left in the field.
by the anc was able to dominate the negotiating process as well as to control the (undefeated) south african police and army and bend them to its will. by mid it had trounced its rivals and taken over government.
mcgregor ja mark s crawford gp et al. varicella zoster antibody testing in the care of pregnant women exposed to varicella. am j obstet gynecol ; .
at one place i am writing a blog for site at other i am testing a site on another i am finding essentials for a work another one where i am googling images for the blog at photoshop i am editing the images and watermarking them on excel sheet i am preparing the xyz sheet by switching over the folders and extracting data then i am searching for top news for my other blog and i am also writing this very blog at the same.
when he has learned to harness the lightning
he fell exalting brotherhood and right
and condolences mysterious
we have many examples in scripture for offering of thanks beginning with our lord jesus who gave thanks to the father every time he broke bread with the disciples and the throngs of people whom he taught (matt. for example). the apostle john reports that (when demonstrating for the crowd at the tomb of lazarus that god heard his prayers)
table 
concerts for kids @putnam triangle plaza am
moving on to the real reason for this post…
“john” said jenna. “he’s just trying to make you seem gullible.”
in the spirit of the season ive made my first holidayish project.
ivory bars or body washes or safeguard bars $
yawn.
what do i do??
its not the kind of garment that youd find in a gallery but years from now you might find it in a museum. it could be a goth coat with safety pins or it could be a pair of work overalls that have been patched over and over and over. it could be a vest thats been handed down from one generation to another stitched and embellished. an old army jacket. a workshirt. its not art; its not fashion. its timeless and personal and what it does is just one thing it reflects the soul of the person who created it or who wears it.
and my heart breaks at how quickly my babies are growing up. look at tara here years ago on the day before kindergarten was to start. shes standing at the same spot at the counter. stop growing babies
the medion erazer has a matte (nonreflective) screen with a x pixel resolution for p gaming or movie watching. the picture is wonderfully crisp but what really impressed was the level of brightness we got.
you can reach sandi for catering or just empanada ordering ($ozen) at theempanadalady@gmail.com and fan her on facebook.
i am curious to see this beer right out of the bottle and not on tap at their brew pub... ps this beer goes perfectly with their pork belly burger with jalapeño and candied yellow tomatoes... if your in portland pair the two its worth it... trust me.
sidewalk chalk.
of course it goes without saying or should that the mozzarella im talking about is the heavenly italian kind that is an unripened soft cheese a formaggio fresca. it isnt the horrid blocks of tasteless rubbery stuff you buy in north america. that stuff is good perhaps for caulking the bathtub but i hesitate to call it food.
dice your apples melt your butter
when i have seen such interchange of state
our perspective is deeper and grows from an emotional and instinctive relationship with our people and our territory than the “castes”. it is more profound than rationalising or adopting an artificial blueprint for a utopian world because it grows from natural human instinct.
the classes’ core content boils down to four core areas (as i see it)
he whose face gives no light shall never become a star.
june – august 
the man who saved christmas ... insp ... pm
writing in the wall street journal on october peggy noonan rebuked them saying “the tea party saved the republican party. in a broad sense the tea party rescued it from being the fat unhappy querulous creature it had become a party that didn’t remember anymore why it existed or what its historical purpose was.” she praised the movement for not choosing the third party route.
anyway i do that then use a few different glazes and then do more sanding in between coats. its a pretty intense job
fact one the first poem i wrote that i can find is inside a birthday card for my mum. my mum kept everything and i know i was as she has labelled it liz wrote this when she was .
here is the tray after . . .
yeah so he said i had .%. fuck my motherfucking life. i went up two percent. thats not fucking okay. goddamn military. lifestyle change imminent.
imagine every church having a permanent room devoted to silence darkness (aka natural light or candlelight) and calmness with only calming sounds of soaking music available to those needing a place to find solitude and the comforting hand of their father god? no talking no phones no tv no computer? wouldn’t that be something?
my french family had some difficulty understanding it and i dont blame them. it really makes no sense at all. its like the germans having a holocaust holiday. being the wonderful human beings my french fam are they try to make me feel like a little bit of home is here and we have celebrated turkey day for years together.
so heres the exciting part. the folks at mymemory suite have given me an extra free copy for me to give away to one of my lucky readers (thats you). heres what you need to do for a chance to win
dont bury me in this prairie
now you have a fortnight to enter so come on show us your favorite technique.
another good singerongwriter with a voice that melts hearts. recent winner of metro on stage which will hopefully propel her to much bigger things.
i love fresh starts new beginnings clean slates and alla that. i love shiny happy hopeful opportunities inspirational quotes and the like. so when i wake up tomorrow hungover or not i will remember that i have days weeks months or however you like to look at it all clean and blank and stretched out before me to make amazing. before i snarl at anyone and bitch and moan about how bad i may or may not feel i will lay in bed and remember that its a new day and a new year and it will be as awesome and amazing i allow it to be.
not only did we have pulled pork sandwiches and homemade barbecue sauce but my husband made a pot of collard greens and i made a pan of macaroni and cheese. it was glorious. top it off with a glass of sweet tea and it was like home again.
a poet was i and i sang that just
admiral james m. loy uscg (ret.)
the old house was probably built for a local gentleman william parker who died in – a parker coat of arms forms part of the decoration. whoever designed it lavished much care on it – details such as the curvy little pediment and the carefully formed window surrounds show a painstaking hand. and the fact that the house was built in is interesting too – as the listing text for the building points out this is quite early for this kind of classical house in the midlands – most such houses in leicestershire date from the th century. the designer must have had an eye on more advanced architectural fashions in southeast england where houses like this were more common.
‘this is the true essence of anarchism to become a human being yes but a politician never.’
so we start with the word itself.
well im finally off to readfor real. i graded a nice hefty stack of papers this morning so i am more than ready to read. now what should i read? i cant decide...
opponents say the project will be difficult to implement because most of the country’s indigenous languages have little or no script and limited vocabularies.
all windows operating systems are now supported including windows bit.
although triglycerides are not a cholesterol complex they are the main form of fat and are very closely linked to cholesterol
the three publishing packages on offer are as follows
but yesterday along came a great big but. like a freight train careering its way right through my brain. what would happen if i explored the grey area let go a little of the a and b let go of the idea that there has to be a positive to match the negative a right and wrong. maybe i should just let there be an ‘is’.
paper crumb cake whisper white real red playdate dp
gregory do really think that people really
hope everyones week is off to a great start mine has been lacking in sleep but i guess that is what happens when you convert a crib to a bed effectively letting your child out of prison. now if the little bug wakes up at unthinkable early hours he figures it is time to get up instead of falling back asleep. i guess we have a little teaching to do or well have to start going to bed earlier ourselves.
hope to see a lot of sharing going on all this week
i am terrified. terrified of what we will lose. it wasnt until im faced with losing baby group can i realize how much this group has brought us. i really and truly dont think that we are where we are today without the support we get from baby group.
• the niger copyright office (bnda) ministry of youth sport and culture is the competent office responsible for copyright and related rights in niger. • the website for this office is www.bnda.ne.wipo.net
asio is exempt from freedom of information laws and is described on its website as ”the only agency in the australian intelligence community authorised in the normal course of its duties to undertake investigations into the activities of australian persons”
mostly a) congratulations you already know a lot about the shs myth
can occasionally be very useful for making points which simply need more explanation). this basic rule obviously forces tweeters to be economical with their wording. i often find myself writing a tweet and discovering it’s over the limit. it’s then a matter of editing it down without losing the sense.
therefore i dont have a problem with salt. right?
and you. yes you are responsible for this.
when i do i see
i’m suddenly taking you everywhere i go…
 mills are still lying closed.
thank you for joining me on this journey.
in case you actively ensure these five errors don’t creep in to your content you are going to definitely have a much more efficient marketing approach. just don’t forget that the content is there for everyone’s benefit and not only your own. being generous with facts and guidance is going to be appreciated and do not be scared to go the further mile in giving your reader’s what they desire.
this comes from tooslovenly dusting of tootightly packed bookshelves….
john wall averaged . blocks per game this season. wall is one of eight players to play in all games this year and have at least that many blocked shots. wall is the only guard on that list of players and the only player under ’″.
it was approved by the green bay school board monday.
the st. paul city council voted wednesday to pay $ to a man who won a police brutality case in federal court.
there are a few different varieties of the uni alpha gel mechanical pencil – originals slimlines shakers etc. i never planned on getting one because they aren’t available in my part of the world and their main feature is a large squishy gel grip…something i am not usually enamoured with. but in a very polite way isu from japan frequently asked me if i had a uni alpha gel and did i know “...its gel grip is the exact same consistency as haribo gummi bears?” well i hadn’t ever heard of haribo gummi bears obviously another thing we don’t have down my way but isu’s sweet tooth got to me and eventually i ordered an alpha gel mechanical pencil. a uni alpha gel hd shaka shaka mgg p chrome green mechanical pencil to be precise.
did the requirement for the presidency state that an individual had to be of the same faith to be considered competent to run for office?
whathappened?
then thinking he successfully avoided naptime came in to play legos. i said "jack just dont let your sister get into your box of legos there are small pieces in there shell try to eat."
if today were my last day on earth how would i be living it?
following the enchanting storyline of silverlicious™ written and illustrated by victoria kann silverlicious the game lets players set out on an adventure as pinkalicious who has lost her ability to taste anything sweet. help pinkalicious regain her sweet tooth as you practice kindness good manners and helping others in need. collect costumes and accessories you can use to dress up pinkalicious and unlock magical rewards including butterflies sparkle rides and fireworks as you explore the beautiful lands and meet new friends. boost your “sweet meter” with every good deed and polite remark and you’ll quickly discover that true sweetness comes from much
herself. it was clear from the pictures thorn now held in her hand that the
dry the rain
“bah it’s true and you and i knew it i just didn’t say it i remember the day it was december th . i had gone a couple dates with her and it was the christmas party at the firm. it was our first year there all three of us you me and her.”
she asks if its true he’s bringing ygm here? what of it he asks? she asks how he could steal the business young gul worked so hard for. jae hyuk cuts her off. who said anything about stealing? didn’t young gul tell her? he handed it and her over for the five million. she’s stunned. he asks her where she’s living these days and if there’s anything else she wants to know. she’s got nothing more to say and heads out. as she’s leaving he asks her with a smile if she can become the fashion king? hehe you totally made that proposal for her she nods but her mind is elsewhere and as she walks out she’s troubled by what jae hyuk has told her.
allan shivers died in and his widow in leaving “woodlawn” to the university of texas. ut thought the house a white elephant and sold it to the state. reportedly one of the things former lieutenant governor bob bullock asked governor george w. bush before his death in was that “woodlawn” be made the new governor’s mansion but bush didn’t like the idea. after several years of red tape and general runaround the house was purchased by austin investor jeff sandefer who removed the additions shivers had made and spent several million dollars restoring the place for his own family.
be made across canada.
there are certain things that college students do that you are no longer allowed to do. now that you are an adult you must give up the following things
this being said while studying my way through one of my books (kathleen staiger’s “the oil painting course you’ve always wanted”) i have been working through some of the exercises and i can tell that they are making a real difference already the rest of this article will outline the steps of an exercise titled “doing a landscape paintalong” (pp ff) which has turned into a really profitable experience for me. the goal is to create a painting of a contrived landscape with some mountains in the background some middleground hills a river with an island and a foreground area with some aspen trees.
the male role model is also changing but not to the same degree as the female for every ashley cole or pete doherty our celebrity culture still embraces a few remaining chiselled jawed men who would not took out of place in the company of cary grant and david niven. but where are the ann todds the margaret lockwoods the joan greenwoods or indeed the deborah kerrs? how often does one see a female celebrity under who could be fairly called a lady?. there may be some but there are not many left and they do not appear in the magazines our children read or the tv shows they watch.
wwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
he still looks like the kid in charlie and the chocolate factory. but then he probably feels like the kid in charlie and the chocolate factory with all the records hes selling lately.
i always feel more in control if i have my house and my life organized. last week i spent several hours purging my pantry fridge and freezer removing nearly all of the gluten products. i couldnt believe how many products that entailed. any unopened gluten products went to our local food pantry whereas halfopened boxes and jars headed nextdoor to our neighbors house. weve had new nextdoor neighbors ever since this past summer when ring pocket and posies moved about seven minutes away. we love our new neighbors they are a christian family with three young children ranging from ages five to months.
you should always mention a few lines regarding your previous companies and employers. all the employers are fascinated to know regarding your job history. you also need to talk about a few tasks that you had to perform in your previous company. you could say that you were responsible for several projects and ventures in your previous company.
first we lined up at the castle to watch the castle lighting ceremony….
it may be understandable that some people want to head off such a catastrophe either by not reporting the attacks in this race war or not identifying the race of those attacking or by insisting that the attacks were not racially motivated even when the attackers themselves voice antiwhite invective as they laugh at their bleeding victims.
trust me. when you return and look at your editors words twentyfour hours (or more) later you will be stunned to find that somehow theyve changed. theyre not calling you a talentless hack after all. theyre not saying the book is terrible. and all the quick fixes that sprang into your head on the first read now feel a bit hasty and as if they rather missed the point. whatever your initial reaction was you will be profoundly glad you waited before you acted on it.
this effort called operation eagle eye ii kicks off the department’s campaign statewide at various fairs and other large public gatherings to ensure that parolees wearing the stateoftheart technology don’t violate their terms of parole and pose a potential risk to public safety. plans include gps monitoring at more than a dozen county and city events through the fall months.
it gets me out of the house when the walls are closing in on me.
mile 
therapist my sister is settling into her new place. she hopes to have functional internet by the weekend. i will send you a gnote when i am back on line regularly until then i just check email when i go to town.
i have been on an online colloquium for the past two weeks discussing a paper on the issue of boundary violations among those who work psychoanalytically.
when i wrote about gifts the other day in you call that a gift? i was really only addressing the misuse of the word "gift" as it is applied to things that are clearly not given to children as gifts. the bottom line there is if the thing given can be taken away whenever the parent feels like it then it is not a gift.
my new music video ‘because i’m a doll’. budget of this video is only £.
tamiki *pads over to akov and icewolf* what are you two doing?
he (prophet muhammad pbuh ) carried on his mission of inviting people to allah taala (islamic religion) and persisted in (this) invitation for years inspite of the harm and injuries (which he suffered) and he used to forgive the ignorant... in order that allahs proof be established against them (disbelievers) and that his promise be fulfilled to them (disbelievers) which he assured them with his statement
the human centipede is a hilarious movie. even more so than its predecessor. a lot of it is unintentional but some of it tom six is doing with a wink. look he wears a stetson. you dont wear a stetson if youre the sort of person who takes yourself seriously. for all the furore outrage and thinking of the children the human centipede is ultimately a piece about twelve people being forced to do asstomouth. its more seriously done here but it is still not really a serious film. and when it does try to be serious it fails in almost every way.
i think they look so fun stuck in the dirt by the herbs it almost looks like someone is in the process of eating them all up ill give you an update later in the summer to see how theyre holding up. im curious to see if the letters will still be readable and if the knives themselves will get too tarnished. at $ for the entire project ill be happy if they only last for one year
your dirty face.
landmark intellectual property cases and their legacy. this intriguing title has been put together by scholars christopher heath and anselm kamperman sanders (editors) and has been published by wolters kluwer business & law. further particulars can be found here. a reviewer with an acrosstheboard interest in intellectual property and a solid academic pedigree might be best placed to review this.
november 
this has been an amazing year for wildflowers in texas i wasnt sure what to expect with the drought last year but we have had plenty of rain for several months now and we are so thankful for that
note to self don’t confuse fantasy with reality.
landscape mode video playback
 part
speaking of favorite people i got this email from virginia mom last night 
this is monica so *waves* hi all im introducing monicas mismatched book couple its a new weekly tuesday meme here on julies blog and i added the exclamation point because well i can. )
i licked the spoon.
but as i’m sure you’ve noticed simply using obvious brute force renders the whole activity rather pointless. because this method is so easy it’s also deeply unimpressive. anyone can bend a spoon after all – but it takes someone quite special to be able to bend a spoon with only the power of their mind.
good luck everyone.
spotting karl is a game that a fashionloving parisbased friend of mine likes to play. "i caught karl today" he often texts me much to my dismay. (id love to see him too) this is because the famous chanel designer is easier to spot that you might think. he tends to linger around the same places in the city so if youre lucky you might just glimpse him. heres the secret – he reportedly lives in the upper two floors of the building on the corner of rues des saintperes and quais malaquais where he loves looking out over the river and the louvre. his bookshop l is also just around the corner on rue de lille (much of the stock is suggested by him) and his other favourite haunt is librarie galignani bookstore at rue de rivoli. you could say hello but perhaps dont pester him. it must be painful being so famous. (as if id know.)
another thing is that bella is eating really well and is very willing to try new foods which is very unlike her. i believe it is due to the biomedical approach we are taking and the gfcf diet. i think her gut is more comfortable which leads her to be more willing with food.
still my love affair with lobster continued following me to stratford ontario and my first dinner in an elegant and expensive restaurant called rundles. i’d saved my money for months to dine there and when i tasted the lobster entrée i knew that it had been worth it.
i am a fan of amanda talley and i know that many of you who read are fans as well. i found this piece that was commissioned for one of erins clients from elements of style. i remember the first time that i saw it i was smitten with it immediately. it looks like this particular piece is painted on art paper and framed behind glass.
stuckey continues;
then perhaps there would be some hope
david frawleyamadeva shastri has continuously informed us with clarity and perfection in his numerous books on ayurveda vedic astrology yoga and the ancient history of india. now he has again set the standard for understanding mantra practice. dr. frawley is a true modern acharya leading us to the vast treasure of vedic wisdom. this book should be in the library of every true yogi.
then i started grinding away. or really just holding down the button. they quickly became tiny pieces of almonds. it was clear that they weren’t going to turn into much of a spread without my help. so in an effort to keep it on the healthier side i skipped the oil and just added water. i added one tablespoon of water at a time.
of the forest the trees
could it be that he wasnt caught because he didnt fit the profile? might it be that the police were not looking for him because he wasnt the colour that serial killers are supposed to be?
coriander seeds ¾ tablespoon
“charlie?”
length drabble ( words)
recept (sigh) yes he is.
leaning on the sun warmed leather
we got shuttled to the bus stop. this is bijus (i hate not knowing if im spelling things right...) daughter in the car on our way to the bus stop. shes a cutie and a troublemaker.
here see what we mean by perusing the set’s highlights
we do hope youll be able to join us for our th challenge and remember if you would like to be considered for our gd for challenge then please add gd next to your name when adding your entry to inlinkz. entries for this challenge close at midday on friday st october.
next weekend i’m going cocktail free i already have it all planned out. loading up with kicking horse coffee buying all the plump spring issues of my favorite mags and heading into the big city for a stroll and brunch just typing it feels refreshing
much of the film takes place in cramped rooms underlining at various times both the characters lack of means and their limited horizons focused as they are only on immediate gain; there is a constant tension to the film too though born mostly of a sense that things could go spectacularly awry at any moment. its not so much a question of whether things will turn out badly as when and how badly.
 person
why flash fiction? did you gravitate naturally to it or was this something you tried and found it was a perfect fit. do you also write longer fictions or even contemplate a novel?
this is my second year at this venue and i have to say im really looking forward to it. the fellas who run the show have kept the focus on original art however i will have my art books and prints available as well original art. last year there was so much amazing art my head was spinning.
“my brother’s a skater.”
with bmi you don’t need to be a math genius to quickly assess weight and obesity. you only need to calculate height and weight. this makes it an inexpensive and easy tool for clinicians and the general public. use the following chart to find your bmi
. olivier collignonab. gilles vandewallec. patrice vossa. geneviève albouyc. geneviève charbonneaua. maryse lassondeab and. franco leporea.
score carrieann len bruno for a total of and a grand total of 
 – mike & molly
used to be (like five years ago) that specialty oneoff beers were rare birds. most breweries hadnt started a barrelaging program and seasonal releases were good for variety but they werent particularly exotic beers. when a brewery did release something strange and special beer geeks flocked to check it out. beer fests accelerated the phenomenon by giving breweries an opportunity to highlight rarities and special beers. breweries started developing barrel programs.
better for baby...
god how true is that? the muse has been known to go silent for long periods of time when i blow off my work for something else like closet cleaning or sufficient house maintenance to keep the health department at bay. as i look around this room toys baby wipes sippy cups a dishtowel (a dishtowel?) hair bows books and another dishtowel (how the hell did two dishtowels find their way into the living room?) cover this floor. the room smells funny. everyone could use some clean underwear; i’m thinking we may have to all go commando. the muse however had been keeping me busy. she’d been right there tapping me on the shoulder whispering profane things into my ear.
with work starting up again tomorrow my summer and lady of leisure days have come to an end. this has been one of the more enjoyable summers. i celebrated my one year wedding anniversary with mr. incredible i road tripped gambled spent time with my family and did a whole lot of baking. although im sad to see summer go i look forward the cold fall season (even though that probably wont be until november in texas) the holidays and of course the baking that goes along with celebrating the holidays. so i bid farewell to my summer vacation with a bread full of flavors that remind me of summer...blueberries and lemons.
good morning everyone hope you are well ) while you are herehave you entered my candy yet? please do if you havent i would love all of you to have a go )
and that is what i am going to do. i submitted both of these quilts and a third in another show at the end of april. i dont know if they will be accepted but it will be interesting to hear what those judges have to say.
to north american union
her stories were always rich and captivating for a small town kid growing up around the cornfields and union automotive plants of the hoosier agrirustbelt.
nearly everyone i am friends with in my life has always said that they hated me when they first met me. apparently it’s because i am as about as approachable as a burning fireworks factory that is surrounded by landmines velociraptors and fundamental christians. which is of course not very approachable at all. but i totally get where they are coming from.
size millimeters (. in) by millimeters (. in)
my sissy and her husband. can we lose the mustache now?
sen. jim inhofe’s (rok) staff found a copy of a video that confirms what many conservatives have long suspected the epa is at war with the oil and gas industries. if you wish to see the video go to the blaze website.
to move on to zuma’s latest metaphor speaking at a cosatu meeting in polokwane this week msholozi said that lekota’s party was like the donkey on which according to the bible jesus rode into jerusalem. he said there was a story in the bible about a “lucky donkey” on whose back jesus rode into the city.
i made their bodies with blue soap then hollowed round shape out and set white soap in as their faces. i used black chacoal soap for their eyes yellow soap clay for their hairs and painted red mouth.
temporary pheromones
(stolen from publishers lunch of course)
pour the queso into a heated chaffing dish for service serve with tortilla chips on the side.
i am feeling much better on the medication though. so i may actually touch up the fireplace tonight which would be a super quick job. then i will just have to recoat the ceiling and one staircase wall and id be done (with everything except the trim).
parents of babies with trisomy saying goodbye to support group for almost two years five bryancollege station families who probably would have remained strangers have met monthly at the play baby play support group sponsored by hospice brazos valley.
your steadfast love o lord held me up. (even in that which hurts so much he meets me with love covenant love hesed love.)
its your typical thing
unable to agree on what to call that body of water delegates from the two east asian neighbors have come home bruised but unbowed from last week’s meeting of the international hydrographic organization in monaco.
cute right? well wild juniper has been so generous as to send one for ashley. for those of you that dont know ashley is a photographer... and i can already see a photo of her little man snuggled in a sea of brown wearing this onesie and a tiny little mustache... haha. now hopefully you love this mustache onesie as much as i do because wild juniper is giving one away to the winner as well the winner will get the onesie shown... in one of the sizes below.
not to mention all of the everyday tasks we already have as wives mothers daughters and friends.
q what are you reading right now?
there is goodness in the valley but no evil; plenty of apples and strawberries but no peaches grapes oranges or bananas. there is dinner in the valley but no breakfast or lunch sweets but no chocolate (which has me seriously questioning my ability to survive for more than seconds in the valley).
um yeah and % of all first responders are equipped with smartphones with a direct link to youtube.
mishnah according to rabbinical tradition moshe rabenu a”s received both a written and an oral torah on mount sinai. whereas the written torah which we know as the five books of moshe rabenu a”s was written down and copied the oral torah was not. instead it was passed from generation of sages to the next generation being given from moshe rabenu a”s till yehoshu’a a”s and so on.
maybe i will “solve” some of my dilemmas gain some clarity gather some strength. maybe i won’t.
ta ann has been sourcing its wood from these areas and mps like bryan green are demanding that unless the company is allowed to continue then they will pull out of the valuable agreement.
ss and then we just switched the k for the p because it sounded better.
and when that gets old it will be something new. but miraculously there will be a drug for it.
k searching
when i first saw ptas boogie nights back on video sometime around (no i did not see it in theaters at the time of its release for some reason or another) i hated it. really i just hated the damn thing. could not have been less impressed. granted it was my first taste of the auteur anderson (his first film hard eight would actually not be sen until just this past year) long before magnolia punch drunk love and there will be blood (the latter being one of the five best films of the last decade) and well before i would herald him as one of the best directors working in cinema today (if you do not believe me just read this). but anyway i digress.
tip add a spoonful of adobo sauce for a spicier salad. kidney or pinto beans also taste great in this dish.
"absolutely not. if you were to chose the path home before completing your task the darkening will prevail."
“love has no desire but to fulfill itself. to melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night. to wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving.” ~kahlil gibran
we were driving very fast – i did not see a driver – and it veered off the road and out into a field with stubbed corn already harvested. i though it would overturn but miraculously it restabilized itself and found its way out on the main road again.
suites have been transformed into function rooms. the ultimate laurel & hardy picture show will illustrate their extensive careers with special reference to their visit to southend. the show will run approximately minutes and will culminate with a screening of the classic short helpmates.
ouch.﻿
sempervivum (hens and chicks)
 kristin brekke w canyon country ca . .
editor england?
ive seen the heavy drinkers the ones wanting to know what time you open for alcohol (we open at for breakfasts) and asking if its double up for £ on bells is there an offer on trebles? theres a stereotype image but thats not for me to comment on. ive seen old boys sit on their bar stool for or hours steadily drinking the day away chatting with other customers and the bar staff seemingly without any affect at all as long as their drinking their regular drink. a different story when youve got old thumper on as a guest normally the top half of their body gets off the bar stool leaving the bottom half behind. ive seen young groups come in wanting shots of sambuca and a lighter. ive even seen some of them get served.
i hope this helps if you check out the videos let me know what you think.
mixed nuts
were not a the local chinese i say.
for my dt card this time i chose the top line ...buttonsribbon and flowersthe stunning image is from the digi doodle shop and she is called "tu tu shy". you will find here here
maybe i’ll take all my unfinished works and compile them into a series of short stories. i have enough to fill several books. or maybe i’ll start completely over and see if the black cloud will dissipate and let the writing sun shine down on me once again.
"please lord comfort her and let her know that you are there".
what caught my eye about the book was the charming repetitiveness use of the rhyme “here’s a little baby one two three (an action a baby does during the day) what does he see?” the word peepo then comes under a cutout circle in the middle of the following page giving us a glimpse of what the baby sees a view of what is about to come. the story begins when the baby wakes and ends when he is put to bed. my daughter loved it every time i would lead up to saying peepo and to this day she remembers the little words scattered throughout the book like bear dog bath etc.
but im off to bed now. ill be seeing you soon stay tuned for a sneak peek for a fun upcoming event...do i see a giveaway in the near future?? ;)...
you don’t need to be a psychologist to understand what makes people tick.
and have become my salvation.
random thoughts bacon would be delicious in this.
this young?
what is important now is for the police to ensure that only those who acted outside the law and in a violent manner are arrested and punished. they must make sure that only the guilty are caught. no mistaken identities here please
i personally thank you for that but is could have serious familial ramifications.
ironically i made cupcakes this morning
i think this was a great loss. sad day.
*treating head louse by home remedy with mayonanaise
panotyoka gumbo
“no.” i said. i slammed the locker door shut and she frowned at me but left.
it was good to get hugs from my kids when i walked in and then i went for another run with the dog to get things out of my system.
a must see
in her research into discourses in a classroom situation millei explains her use of discourse… “‘discourse’ is being used in a foucauldian (foucault ) sense as a practice that is produced historically in a specific sociocultural context is structured by assumptions and produces power. power also constitutes and governs individual subjects who become subject and bearer of powerknowledge relations (foucault ). foucault () asserted that some discourses have shaped and created knowledges that have gained the ‘status and currency’ of ‘truth’ and dominate how we define and organise both ourselves and our social world while alternative discourses are marginalised.”
the basics haven’t changed from last year. every voter will cast a ballot for the ten best teams in the country and a designation for the nation’s best team (the latter is used purely for tiebreaking purposes so that there’s always a clearcut in the poll results.) the votes are tallied and the school receiving the most votes is ranked first. the rest of the standings are also determined in the order of total votes received. other than the tiebreaker you do not place your selections in order as that’s what the total tally is for. there will be a vote after every week left in the regular season starting with the games of week six and there will be a final vote after bowl season finishes.
i’m not going to lie when i was i had a slight crush on brian from the backstreet boys but this wasn’t because i enjoyed his heartwrenching cheese filled lyrics. he was just so dreamy. when i was seven and all of my friends hopped on the boy bandwagon i had little option but to follow. listen to bsb or be ostracized from the “pit.” the pit being the dent on the side of the soccer field where all the cool kids hung out a recess and listened to their walkmans and chewed double bubble by the fistful. so i suffered through it until i was about and common sense kicked in. reflecting now i realize something in my brain just never clicked with pop music.
paranormal activity ()
pūrvaiḥ pūrvataraṁ kṛtam
the best is yet to come
there are basically three types of foot; some call it foot pronation types. these are the underpronated foot overpronated foot and the neutral pronated foot. underpronated foot usually has high foot arches. when an underpronator runs their foot rolls outward. on the other hand overpronated foot has low foot arches and when an overpronator runs their foot rolls inward. neutral pronator has a normal foot arch which makes them lucky because they can choose from wide selection of running shoes.
get used to sunday bazaar. you may find it dusty and overwhelming at first but its a community shopping experience. bargain wisely and dont buy used shoes.
 if you found out that rob zombie was reading your blog what would you post in hopes that he read it?
conservative sir cyril osborne (louth) first tried in to introduce a bill to control immigration under the minute rule. before it got to parliament the commonwealth affairs committee had present when spoke and only one supported the bill.
the apartheid government built ten universities for blacks including medunsa which is a unique medical university that turned out highly qualified black doctors every year all at state costs paid for by the white taxpayers. it also trained paramedics and nurses.
q you feel strongly about not wanting to be criticised no matter what it is you are doing?
the bottom portion of my card uses the "ticking stripe" background stamp stamping onto blue cardstock with memento danube blue ink. the sentiment comes from the "cast all your cares" set stamped and diecut with spellbinders petite ovals. the blue frame under the sentiment was diecut using spellbinders fancy tags two. to create my butterfly i used spellbinders butterflies die diecut different cardstock colors and then added popdots between each to give the butterfly some dimension.
feeling busy (we parsed that word a bit and yes it means too much but the too much is by choice and out of love and devotion...family stuff) and
*of course betty can’t help but polishing off sally’s ice cream sundae on top of her own after the younger draper informs her mother that she’s full. (sad trombone.)
ive been on a quest to find the best guacamole recipe since our trip to mexico a month ago. for some reason nothing i attempted had quite enough flavor. little did i know the answer was right under my nose (and in my pantry) all along shallots i love cooking with shallots. they have a taste somewhere in between onions and garlic and i find them to have a slight peppery note. the basil is also lends nice freshness to the guac. i also added some chopped tomatoes.
pew said the number of adults cohabitating singleperson households and single parents had meanwhile increased in recent decades.
this is because the ecl has a wider meaning from causality. let’s say you give an effort of to someone you’re nor guaranteed to receive back from the same person only; you might receive less than but from different people and in the end it will still sum to .
as the u.s. homicide rate declines more people are killing each other and claiming selfdefensea trend most pronounced in states with “stand your ground” laws reports the wall street journal. these laws which grant people more leeway to attack kill someone who is threatening them are attracting scrutiny after the controversial killing of trayvon martin by a florida neighborhood watchman. florida has one of the broadest selfdefense laws of the states with some version of a “stand your ground” principle. socalled justifiable homicides nearly doubled from to when were reported. over that same period total killings averaged a year.
kg what song do you feel best describes your style and why?
“damn” i said as i started bleeding everywhere. this was bad. i had arrived late to the dojo due to the speaker at convocation that morning taking centuries to get his point across and there was simply no time to stem the flow of blood. to make matters worse my pristine white gi and white belt were now peppered with dark red spotsspots.
now im not saying you should from thence or perhaps be contractors.
this little girl became paralyzed after being injected by vaccines.
why austin might be the coolest and most creative city in america
my favorite novels this year were invariable those that werent afraid to create something new by melding all genres. i think it would behoove publishers to leave the new weird name in the dust and simply refer to these novels cross genre as that area seems to be growing with the likes of ken scholes laying the groundwork the last couple of years. newtons city of ruin simply blew me away. he built the world so well with nights of villjamur and than went and changed the game completely in exciting and strange ways. while huso brought in horror scifi with a fantasy feel into strangely beautiful yet grotesque places. ian whates is another debut author who hasnt been getting mention many places and while his style isnt as devious as newton or huso his worldbuilding is an intense affair. city of dreams and nightmare envisions a city size building of floors where different sects live on each level that has been built over thousands of years. the first novel merely sets the stage for some odd happenings that are sure to fillin this world.
i spent the following weeks and months wallowing in devastation. and truthfully there are moments now when it washes over me like waves crashing against the beach at high tide covering all of the beauty that shows in the daylight. it leaves me gasping struggling to breathe.
* percent daily values are based on a calorie diet.
also a passel of old women kept getting in my bbq chickeninacan loading area thus causing me to get a little territorial.
see you tomorrow lord willing
this beautiful piece was written by devl
he went on to post a photo of the three girls in question all holding up their middle fingers and he added that ‘they want to be known. let them be famous as jew haters’.
now that we have this big push from publishers to move to % of net receipts for ebook royalties whose going to hurt years from now when ebooks may be the main format and print editions the secondary?
i’ve been moving (if you needed to know) from one home to another and the past couple of months have been spent in the throes of completing a new house and then moving a lifetime of stuff fluff dust dirt and kids. i’d no idea how it would become the all consuming overwhelming focus of all my energies.
jesus said to him “you have judged rightly.” then turning toward the woman he said to simon “do you see this woman? i entered your house you gave me no water for my feet but she has wet my feet with her tears and wiped them with her hair. you gave me no kiss of greeting but from the time i entered she has not stopped kissing my feet. you did not anoint my head with oil but she has anointed my feet with perfumed oil. therefore i tell you her sins which were many are forgiven thus she loved much; but the one who is forgiven little loves little.”
for example the washington consensus stress on healthy and strong financial system have seen here in thailand savings rates at about .% and lending rate at about .%. the result of that thailand’s banks have become the darling of global investors now for years and years as investors is nearly guaranteed to see a strong return from bank stocks.
i am so behind in writing about your first few weeks. there are so many moments i dont want to forget but it seems like even during the times youre napping during the day all i want to do is cuddle and watch you sleep. so another photo bomb post will just have to do for now )
the guardian understands that initial ballistics tests on a bullet found lodged in a police radio worn by an officer during thursdays incident suggested it was police issue – and therefore had not been fired by duggan.
the guy clipped a mic onto jay and had him state who he was that this was his first seff and then he had to explain about his mig and what was so great about it. jay did a really good job. i was so proud of him not everybody at the show was interviewed so this was really a great thing for jay.
of you.
grab your referral link and share this free deal with your friends and you’ll get a $ credit to savemore for everyone who buys this deal
movement? no baby is only the size of a grape.
so the force behind adolf hitler on behalf of the illuminati was the house of rothschild this “jewish” bloodline which claims to support and protect the jewish faith and people. in fact they use and sickeningly abuse the jewish people for their own horrific ends. the rothschilds like the illuminati in general treat the mass of the jewish people with utter contempt. they are like the rest of the global population just cattle to be used to advance the agenda of global control and mastery by a network of interbreeding bloodlines impregnated with a reptilian genetic code and known to researchers as the illuminati.
"this is a tragedy which could have been foreseen. it looks like equipment failure was a factor. what price do you put on a babys life?" he asked.
so it was easy. sort of.
have you seen it? did you love?
isnt it gorgeous? and though a few of the ameliaranne stories are available as downloads what a shame it would be to miss the visceral experience of holding this beautiful small book and smelling it it has a wonderful scent of bookcloth glossy paper and time. and love.
. bitter youth
this is a valentine card. ;)
 previous
i have decided that another way to kick start my career in addition to applying for jobs and taking civil service exams by the way i scored only or so on the state test. what was wrong with me? i know that i got that " ." question right. and the cateterinarian one.
i have an interactive zentangle coloring book due next week its called the "tangled fashionista". i cant run away to maine in the middle of beach season so i had better get to work i have a gazillion other ideas too.
those who say “they could have voted bnp” are fooling themselves. the bnp have never yet found a means of disproving the media lies about them. in fact in many ways despite the herculean efforts of many activists too many bnp members (and their leaders) have done everything in their power to prove the liars right
turmeric powder tsp
 second hand stand hold… followed by
and i am telling you these are just excuses.
i am in desperate need of a new eye color palette that i can wear everyday. my nars set i have from years ago is just about toast. i tend to purchase seasonal sets because i think they are a better value. i just came across laura merciers new spring palette and i am thinking this is going to be the one for ...
in the next block an expensivelooking vehicle (good insurance surely) took up the chase barreling toward the trunk of my buick & i thought "go ahead. make my day."
 ” a picture is worth a thousand words”
.) i have tatoo ideas for "in memory" of my parents should anything ever happen to them while they are on the job. most people think it would be strange or weird to have things planned ahead for such incidents but dont realise that each time they go to work i may not see them again. i came to terms with the fact that my parents could be taken from me at any time when i was very young(ill talk more on this tatoo idea another time.)
i have written a lot about the first particularly in reference to the fads and fantasies of digital marketing.
we reached las ramblas n while strolling my sis (the kids mum) broke down i guess it was just too much for her. she spent thousands of ringgit for the trip n unable to enjoy herself the kids being kids whined and cried and she had to follow their schedule n i guess being harassed she couldnt be nice to us other adults n i couldnt take that sort of crap n we had a row the night before. anyway after a while she calmed down and started to enjoy the place.
in roughly the same amount of time small arms fire began to rain down from the hillsides surrounding the four vehicles.
next get moving you can start slow by getting those walking shoes on (don’t let your dog near them) and do a brisk walk every day for minutes. according to the a.c. nielsen co. the average american watches more than hours of tv each day (or hourseek or months of nonstop tvwatching per year). in a year life that person will have spent years glued to the tube. wow just think what you could accomplish with all of that time. so don’t use the excuse of no time turn the tv off and move it or lose it if you have soft tissues injuries i do deep tissue massage and trigger point therapy training to ease your pain. i’m not going to let you off that easily i’m a tough nut i will combat every excuse. take control of your health do it for you and do it now
schedule to help us present our hello kitty cupcakes
we will be closing at noon tomorrow and will reopen on tuesday rd january giving us both some time to recharge our batteries. we hope you all have a great christmas and don`t spend too much time in the kitchen unless you want to
here are the tasting notes
“yes a heart attack will generate economic activity since the surgeon and hospital get paid but not in a good way” said murray ross vice president of kaiser permanente’s institute for health policy. “if we avoided that heart attack we could have put the money to better use such as in education or investments in clean energy.”
wolverines feature in the stories myths and legends of northern peoples in both the eastern and western hemispheres. the cree who occupy a vast swath of southern canada and some of the northern united states have a longstanding relationship with the wolverine. i first became aware of the cree wolverine stories through the work of anthropologist robert brightman whose book grateful prey is a classic exploration of the complexity of humananimal relationships in hunting cultures – in this case the rock cree of manitoba. the material that brightman analyzes in grateful prey is presented in its original form – the transcribed tales of cree storytellers – in an older outofprint book called acaoohkiwina and acimowina traditional narratives of the rock cree indians. the books was published by the canadian museum of civilization in and i managed to find a copy in an obscure corner of a library the pages falling out the whole thing looking as though someone had typed up an individual copy with a typewriter and then abandoned it like a message in a bottle to be retrieved decades later only by a tried and tested wolverine fanatic. acaoohkiwina refers to the primordial timebeforehumans when animals spoke and had their own civilizations and when the trickster wisahkicahk adventured through the world. acimowina refers to the time after humans arrived. so the stories incorporate both the history of the creation of the cree world and more recent events. wolverines play a role in both.
liam nods and gives a lazy two fingered salute. he waits till agent green is inside before he pulls his phone out again. he reads the text
selfperpetuating success.
many of the memes are generated from websites that have a database of pictures users can customize with their own captions. while many of the memes on the page are generated by other students long and barse add their own memes that address whatever the student body is talking about.
when we have poorly devised and poorly functioning systems we will wear out ourselves and our team.
being from a wealthy family she had strong ties to the british peerage and intellectual life and when she married edward montagu a wealthy man with extensive holdings she became one of the wealthiest women of her era. however she devoted this wealth to fostering english and scottish literature and relief of the poor. and along with her friend elizabeth vesey and several others they organised a womens literary discussion group the bluestocking society a revolutionary step away from traditional nonintellectual womens activities at that time.
this ritual was called aischrologia translated as "saying ugly things."
i fear that some of the advice given in the recent mothers union report on the sexualisation of children may prompt parents into fighting a losing battle to prevent unsuitable internet material being viewed by their offspring.
wilsonia to nqaza;
 regular
. it appears to be mostly overlooked despite tracy morgan now being a big tv and film star. to wit this gq profilerimer on tracy morgan covers a lot of ground but doesnt even mention it in passing. total blind spot. maybe tracy doesnt like it and has put the muzzle on it...
whats your favorite vacation? or your dream vacation?
pbs this week
we also get reports of people who are hearing voices in their heads. what are these voices? don’t discount the power ability and plan of satan to seek out those who are willing to hear.
remarkable freshness and a fullyfunctioning moral compass are all very well but i think id be just a little disappointed if all beers tried this hard to be this well behaved.
so anyway i need to find a bigass rope and flagellate myself. perhaps if i did that each time i overeat i could discourage myself from overeating. or that might just give me another reason to bathe in the comfort of food specifically sweet food. ayyiyiyi.
so in real life i went to bed got up ate two breakfasts to restore my stamina went to work worked on some new songs picked up my boy from daycare cooked and ate dinner had a bath helped the wife attach some hair extensions and ripped some old cds into itunes then sat back down again for another go at darkwood forest. while i was doing all these things my dude for some reason was wandering back around the outer edge of the forest back to where he came in instead of just turning around and walking back the way he came.
your cries ring in my ears
she encourages children at the schools she visits to tell their own myth or to imagine themselves to be like achilles or odysseus. “ they draw pictures of their heroes write and illustrate their own stories and act them out so it becomes very interactive and easier to relate to and to remember.”
 ounces finely chopped chocolate or semisweet chocolate chips
still i am mad. i am mad that the people who have stuck out through the bad times in coney island and should be landmarked are being asked to leave. authenticity is being sacrificed for most likely a recreation. will the new places have old photographs of coney island and hand painted signs? i would put money on it that they will. but they wont be the real thing. they will be simulations in corporate chain restaurants. up scale is the word italian developer and evictor zamperlais loving to use when describing what they "envision for coney island".
row ch turn sc in each. do not cut @ the end of row 
called habitat
to rape and kill your dumbest.
cuties
ive been spending every tuesday (and thursday. and most wednesdays too) with her for the last few months and am slowly getting back to where i was many moons ago.
* the specification stated that in a "final process step" the coating was fused to the board by further heating. accordingly it was not until that step which consisted only of further heating that the coating was fused to the board. having regard to the way in which the process was described in the specification the skilled reader would conclude that the fusion took place by the action of heat alone. thus mann j was right on that point too.
the best book i read this year was austerlitz by w.g. sebald a work that set the tone for my life this year as well as my literary wanderings. when engaging sebald’s work it is impossible to tell what is fabricated and what is not. actually sebald’s main character austerlitz seems more real to me than any of the nonfictional characters i read this year his melancholy is real and significant his memories more intense and present than my own. sebald the narrator introduces us to austerlitz an historian of architecture who was displaced by world war ii and we follow his story as the narrator discovers it all the while being presented with beautiful enigmatic uncaptioned photographs in the text. we find a torn devastated europe still capable of bringing forth moments of sublime transcendence.
here’s the article and a link to same
but back to the revision bit ) i was revising geology cos we were supposed to have all these papers finished for tomorrow’s lesson. i had a couple of questions left to answer from january which i did first. then i had papers from that i hadn’t started yet. i got the first one done before catherine left for tutor half way through the second period of the doublefree (we had worked through break) but i didn’t start the first one cos i didn’t want to work on my own. i went down to the undercroft and had the first bit of free time of the day. i sat with harrison euan tom ellie s chloe andrew m shikha and these guys called sean and ‘something’ (i can’t remember). plus kieran was there for a little bit and parker hovered around my chair. we all played a game of sevens (tom and ellie worked together but we still had players playing in the largest games) and parker helped me a little. i had terrible hands most times and the one time i had a good hand no one was really playing properly and the game was cut short by the end of the period when most people left for a lesson.
typical since i love so much to make girls cards.
i loved the stories when people said suddenly they knew that everything is okay in this world that it is perfect und there are no mistakes because it always leads to something good. but i also loved the other stories i like it what people have to say after they experienced a hard time and what they have learned about it what they have come to see about it. i made for myself the experience that socalled bad times are good times it really leads you to something good und fills you up with joy and gratitude and deep selfawareness – if you just let it happen and say sooner or later yes to it.
we didnt have all that much time to talk unfortunately she told me that she was born in the city but has been living in the countryside for quite a number of years now. she was very pleased to stop for me to make a number of photos and was quite enthusiastic about the shots i showed her but had to hurry along to the shop to exchange some clothing shed bought for her husband some days earlier.
i learned this year that the easiest and happiest way to live life is to take full accountability. your difficulties are very rarely another persons fault. once i was able to embrace this fact i became a much happier person.
on friday the tree outside my fence was massacred. the people who did it were laughing while they lopped and chopped. i could hear the branches hitting the ground and was very distressed because it reminded me of something similar which had happened in france. the tree was across the road from my apartment. there were three of them and that part of the municipal hospital was named after them.
then suddenly her face stretched with the broadest most genuine of smiles “great” she clasped her hand together “henry” she called to a waiter who rushed to her side like a breeze pad and pen in his hands at the ready ” with my morning order get mr. akram his usual order. potent cappuccino with whipped cream and no sugar” she turned to mr. akram now bedazzled by her smiles “am i right?”
on a personal level the moon birthday resonated with some of the more unrealistic plans i have dreamed up in my life like the time i decided to make my husband a quilt two weeks before our wedding even though i don’t sew or my urge to try new complicated recipes when guests come over even if i have never made them before.
you don’t take policy that is better than your process of picking any insurance and also taking cheap insurance for your vehicles. once you decided to protect your vehicle with auto insurance then you have to do searching and comparing method through internet that helps to get the fitting insurance for your requirements within budget. you have to know one thing; the cheap insurance is not always best since it won’t be give many benefits for its insurer. so you have to choose the reasonably priced insurance which gives useful benefits and also save your money.
i ended up on birth control pills which helped immensely. i felt regulated. i could deal with four periods a year. i chugged along happily for nine years knowing what i was missing when it came to pain and inconvenience but completely ignorant of how clouded i truly was.
but we have to be realistic here. absolutely everyone that attempts to make it in this industry dreams of their first attempts being wild successes with big fat envelopes stuffed with cash arriving in their mailbox shortly afterwards. were not that naive. this is a tough industry. and if it were that easy to make it everyone would have done it already.
c) post it on twitter.
the challenges over at bpc look so fun...if i can make a dent in my cleaningrganizing maybe i can participate in one of them.
yeast house london
common names red head (e) sanalotodo (s) ixcanan sactemuch klaushpim (m)
and lay down a sheet of highloft batting on the top of your foam. the fabric goes on top of the batting.
for me children are people.
if you have these pieces in your cupboard already but youre not committed to making them permanently joined i have a tip for you... scortape yeah baby the stuff is awesome. and since its mostly clear its barely visible through the clear glass.
mom
today i love sundays because they are always so relaxed and its nice to be home with my family because we all get to go to mass together…and get dunkin doughnuts i love the toasted almond iced coffee sooo yumm i had to unpack all my close because my room was looking like this
the first post on our brand new website it’s so beautiful basically – on this page here – you will find us blogging away on our progress on the show and how we’re making ends meet up until our studio times we would love to see this project take off and continue throughout the years here at emerson – but obviously that takes you
abbie (and william and simon) end up in grave danger. they deduce through different means who the killer is and ripper has one of the most spectacular heart pounding endings of any book ive read.
shabbat barat mitzvah birthday anniversary get well new babyrit college dorm baskets and packages are listed with a wide offering of goodies.
he raised a hand. “nay finish eating. i shall go. but tell me your name first.”
earwigs wasps stinging nettles and bee stings.
i threw the dimes in because i am finally writing on my own. i am no longer beholden to a stagnant paper where the pay is low. i am forging my own way and bringing my family with me. i hope that the dime covers my single thought over and over ten times to the ancient gods and the history of the fountain.
i wish you the best.
on to my creation i have to say i adore marcellas style of drawing and when i first laid eyes on her version of a lily of the valley i just swooned. lily of the valley grew all behind my house when i was growing up and if i close my eyes i can not only see these beautiful flowers again but i can smell their sweet fragrance
ive chosen to spotlight tess hilmo. tesss debut novel with a name like love launched just a couple of weeks ago. tesss writing is beautiful and her characters are amazingly vivid. there are five daughters in the love family and i am certain i could identify any one of them just by a line of dialogue. the language is rich and descriptive; the plot is full of mystery and tension. i dont normally read mg or historical but i loved every minute of this incredible book.
.the colour of the atom you click on does not matter.
a nicely horrible drink like this will allow him to sip slowly to shudder then write something while he waits ten minutes and sip shudder again. you get the idea. how long can he stretch this poison out? there is nowhere in the hotel to sit like this he needs white noise of people doing those various things other people do in order to concentrate. he needs something though a critical mass of someones is better to ignore. satrefucks perfect for venting anger. ice green tea latte. how horrible does tha sound? how horrible does it taste. hes got about an hour here he calculates.
it helps me connect more and know that everything is ok.
when i just dont know i will have to guess is it elo or jls?
so... sucker that i am i dished out my $. and arrived home with my pancake puffs kit.
our final day was spent in winter park with old friends. they hold season passes there so it was a natural place to meet. but what i saw was anything but "natural". at least by my definition.
when you consider who wrote the music as it evolved it makes sense. the music on the first album was written almost entirely by brian mikal and i over many packs of beer. the second album was written almost entirely by the horns and mike bitz. the influences are very evident on the respective albums.
nice slideshow on an east harlem "clipper master" in the nyt. i ended up skipping the hair + black people agenda in my book. chris rocks good hair documentary is awesome but even he doesnt really go in on the "black males and their intricately designed haircuts wtf?" agenda; its difficult so % of his minutes are spent in the female room and probably rightfully so.
cream egg yolks with sugar until pale and creamy. it should have more than double its volume
what have you been up to this last week?
he eventually takes to the skies swooping past our heads with astonishing agility in hot pursuit of the swinging lure. rising into the air his small frame is silhouetted against a backdrop of sky and bushveld. the display does not last long the falcon’s speed proves too much for the handler the lure is successfully snatched and chicken is rewarded with a tasty treat.
"but weve hadnt had enough time together. we have forests to walk through parks to picnic in and more movies to see."
i’m liking this story already. so how did you come up with such an unusual story?
now onto todays miracle... ) are you ready for this? i know i am... i experienced some pain free time today wooooooh hooooooo yeah ok thats about as excited as i can get through usage of writing styles lol. ) i had not just an instant but hours of no pain. omgosh i have no idea how to handle this so i tried to accept it and say thank you to the lord and the universe and i tried very hard not to worry about what to do when it comes back because i think it will come back. but its pm and i have been feeling almost totally pain free for most of the evening since around or so this afternoon i think. im starting to have a bit of pain now but its ok. its bearable
a brief description of an infj "infjs are introspective caring gentle and complex people that strive for peace and derive satisfaction from helping others. infjs are highly intuitive empathetic and dedicated listeners. these traits tend to act as a "tell me whats wrong" sign on their forehead hence the nicknames confidant counselor and empath. infjs are intensely private and deeply committed to their beliefs."
httpokienurse.blogspot.comi love vickies work she always does a brilliant job of making her creations & shes a great teacher too go look at some of her posts to get doing something different she will inspire you to try "that something different"
"black and white three channels rabbit ears" i say. "but i didnt have a camera yet. the first silhouette picture i could find in the archives dates to ."
“i don’t much care where” responds alice.
mill workers will march against the ntc on march st from currey road station bridge west to gold mohur mills dadasaeb phalke road dadar east starting at . am on the following demand
at the end of i did not put my name forward again for the advisory council as councillors’ liaison officer. my requests for assistance for councillors had fallen on deaf ears so i decided instead to focus my efforts on the following year’s glaayoral election campaign.
but i knew where the car was. i ran all the way back to the car even though it was ellens car. but i couldnt open the door and no one was there. i was sad and scared. i sat down beside the car and barked. i barked and barked and barked until my voice was squeaky.
still i prefer the “real deal”. or blogging if you like.
oct ... rose very early after dirty breakfast paid our dirty bill of $. & left wont stop there again i guess...
for the misdemeanor outlaw chased an’ cheated by pursuit
dates jul ; aug ; agerade range yo+
 yes tonoetival skin care % off
alex wild from “there is no war here” 
there it was a dress dummy.
not good right? we need to get on to it. make a plan. do you have an emergency plan in your household? how do you store your important documents?
i was lucky to connect with an agent early on but there has been plenty of rejection from editors. plenty. more than enough. did i mention there was plenty of rejection?
i have two conditional offers for placements at different colleges the condition being that i pass the course i am in right now. and as long as i work my ass off in photography i should p then i just have to decide if i stay at the current college i go to or go to a different one. a change of scenery would be nice but at the same time if most of my current class also gets placements that would be great as we pretty much all get along and work well together.
) enter any of the other prom giveaways for two extra entries (miss ruby sue giveaway is currently on)
 lamp
"people say about algorithmic trading theyre just a bunch of cowboys you know. treleaven shook his head. no he said it is industrialization. it is like putting robots in car factories". so if thats all it is why should we worry about the automation of human relationships?
return of the giant hogweed (from nursery cryme)
a. appeal to the courts.
baguette for dinner at the hostel after a day of being on our feet…literally
he’s doing a series on hebrews and the verse of the day was “by faith abel offered god a better sacrifice than cain. by faith he was commended as a righteous man when god spoke well of his offerings. and by faith he still speaks even though he is dead.”
for the last several years i have challenged myself to focus on using from my pantry and shop less... a panty challenge. with the end of febuary this years pantry challenge is complete but i have really enjoyed having a basic menu plan to guide me. i have decided to continue to make a month long menu and be intentional about using garden produce and preserves from last season.
left hand brewing company oak aged imperial stout (brandy barrel)
we dun even have years back stories to tell coz
the cycle pub as it’s called carries peddling riders six on each side of what’s essentially a long bar. the contraption carries the riders from brewery to brewery.
i no longer have to grab that one thing at the grocery store.
nd yeah. i agree.
the rancidness
nancy allen may seem to have the thankless role of sidekick but her portrayal of lewis serves more of a function than we may at first realize. she at several points helps murphyobocop remember who he used to be let alone what he swore to uphold. far removed from roles in the last detail carrie i wanna hold your hand and allen does herself proud as a very empowered woman.
i absolutely loved kate in this dress. the newlywed looked dazzling and pristine. the lace sleeves made the dress look elegant while the bodice gave the dress a modern feel. what did you think of kates dress?
after the ruling military junta disqualified their candidates in the coming presidential election the leaders of egypts islamist dominated parliament demanded that the current junta picked cabinet step down in favor of a cabinet appointed by the parliament.
ive taken pictures this time around from imm seeing as the poll i made had the most votes for this
cardaper cream and brown card. magnolia x from the butterfly dreams collection
seriously? how is it that we are not responding to this. and with “we ” i mean the rest of the leaders of the world and all people living in it? how is it that we just watch a trial where people might have been forced to confess under torture apparently are being humiliated and it just continues?
 recorded live at paradiso amsterdam january . recorded by omroepvereniging vara for broadcast on dutch public radio.
the cabin exterior was designed by architect bobby mcalpine and he describes the aesthetic as "alabama rural camp vernacular". the dark rough cut pine plank siding makes this four story home blend into the landscape in just the perfect way the dark exterior contrasts beautifully with the cool light colors of the soft interior decor. the views out those huge windows must be extraordinary
so to the asshole who stole my wallet i hope you are dragged at precisely miles per hour on a street made out of cheesegraters with your body tied in such a position that only your taint touches the ground. after we’ve gone about miles which as mentioned earlier should take an hour — your balls begin to be grated. and so on and so forth it only goes downhill. you deserve this worthless scum. phew. venting doesn’t help as much as i would like it to.
pledgers can pledge for more than one rso
and rice a riso for me after work
yancey is a bestselling author of many books including what good is god? and prayer does it make a difference?
 cans cream corn
none of the specified assets .%
then a few days ago we had lunch with other friends one of whom is an amateur astronomer equally full of foreboding about those sunspots as worried about their continuing effect as people were about yk years or so ago and i hope as needlessly. we told him about our visit to m.s observatory. in turn he directed us to the supernova m saying it was growing fainter by the hour but we might just catch it if we got the binoculars out that night.
so im taking a break from blog posts this week mostly because i wont be able to respond to your comments easily and more importantly reciprocate by checking your blogs.
grind the urad dal first until smooth.keep aside.
to others and in that giving you have emptied
but this life comes from jesus and never from religion. this life cannot be found in christianity churchianity or in any buzzword like community simple church or organic church. life will attach itself to those who join themselves to jesus. he is life itself.
besides the more you “save the day” the more it becomes expected. then when you fail those expectations people start complaining that superman is never around when you need him. who needs that headache? if you save the occasional old lady from being hit by a car then pissoff for a few months people will fawn all over you. let’s not act like he doesn’t have a massive ego prancing around in that ostentatious cape. superman loves the attention.
the tick fossil pictured is million years old but is no different from those living today. one of the most important living fossils the ticks prove once again the creation of god.
weekends mean pancakes to me so this weekend i decided to try something new. i had heard good things about almond flour and decided it was time to give it a try. almond flour is a glutenfree high protein low carb flour that offers a sweet and nutty flavor to your baking. it also provides the same health benefits as regular almonds. it is high in monounsaturated fats which are associated with a reduced risk of heart disease. it is also packed with the antioxidant vitamin e. almonds also contain magnesium and potassium. if that’s not enough for you almonds have also been shown to decrease aftermeal rises
the new feature can net you additional gigs of space but as with most storage gains on dropbox you’ve got to work for it a little. this boost would give you the same threshold of free storage as the justlaunched google drive – gigabytes.
i used some pretty papers (denim poplin and tweed) wooden buttons (boutique fair) and alphabet stickers (bitty block) from the lovely indigo bleu collection by pink paislee thats on sale in the stopandscrap store. i paired the papers with black card stock vellum and corrugated paper to give some nice texture to my project.
we were not able to stay at the ganges long for we were on the way to catch a plane to another city. we have now arrived at this other city in eastern india and we are about to go into a very poor rural here to gather together with about villagers. as you go to bed this evening we will be going out to preach the gospel in this village. amidst overwhelming lostness please pray that god will show his power in the gospel by cleansing people of all their sin through the blood of christ today.
in my daughters eyes
and he was not going to get us to agree with him.
rice or pasta to serve
our work is slow and meticulous
in any case have fun spinning theres nothing like calking a big project and working your way through it.
the declaration has been signed by european members of parliament from different member states and political groups socialists liberals christian democrats independents the eurosceptics of the efd and the ecr and even a member of the communist group. “this shows that the horrendous ‘farm attacks’ are of great concern to several political groups across europe” philip claeys mep concluded.
my grand mother helped me a lot at succeeding in my homeworks and i became head of the class which at the end of the grade got me an invitation to attend a music primary school named ecole le plateau.
in the last tutorial we learned how to create your own custom characters including choosing what class they were and what equipment they started with. at the time we left it at just the basic starting equipment premade items that came with rmvx when we bought it.
y los años pasando y pasando
he watches as you tuck your kids in bed fight with your wife stay at work late gossip with neighbors...
the last few days i have had a heavy heart due to the low morale and political division in the usa right now. to this was added the selfconfessed mass murder committed in norway by the rightwing militant antimulticulturalist anders behring breivik. but rather than focus on the negative and the stupid i decided to focus on something positive.
ive been thinking this week about elk camp since my extended family has been there the past few weeks. this is a two to three week camping trip out in the woods in northern arizona. those who want (my dad uncle brotherinlaw etc) apply to a state drawing to get to do an archery hunt for elk. we have gone in the past but did not go this year since zack is in school now. its quite an experience you can read about the last time we went here.
it was twitter’s birthday on wednesday and with about million tweets being exchanged each day someone in the twittersphere must know something about a song that causes dry eyes i thought.
there’s more on this storyline but we’ll come back to that later…
on wednesday i was starving when i got to hunter for my fiction workshop. class was due to start in seven minutes and i needed food fast. i got on the long line at the starbucks thinking maybe a slice of lemon poundcake. my professor and a classmate were ahead of me but its not fair to cut even through someone else. plus i realized needed something more substantial than poundcake. id had a busy dayi wrote a blog post tweeted facebooked read classmates stories for workshop made phone calls obsessed about my unwritten thesis obsessed about my soon to be released novel. this ongoing ephemeral busywork had left me exhausted. i hadnt spent more than an hour at a time with my children since sunday. what i needed was soup.
we got back today after a few days away enjoying the lovely spring weather (hah) to find my brother had sent us a photograph hed found in his old collections which he thought we might like.
east rand department of education hastily backtracks on a letter to schools on “apartheid genocide”.
why does everything taste like pepper?
 intro 
lots of frecles and even a little sunburn.
"kaffetåren den bästa är".
when i ask writers to get serious about making this list they have to admit that even their closest family members probably won’t buy their book. so you’ll have to dig deep and go wide to come up with a true list of . and that’s only a starting place. again real buyers that you know would buy your book is where you want to get to over time.
i used two ippity stamp sets for this one. the tag stamp is from the "season of joy" set and the sentiment and mistletoe is from "kissmas and mistletoe" set. check out my sales blog for info on how to get these or any other ippity sets. i embossed the tag sentiment and the mistletoe using martha stewart embossing powder and heat gun. the ribbon is adhesive ribbon also from martha stewart. the jewels are from hero arts.
althea stood in the center of the circle. the family surrounded her those strange denizens of the carnival she trusted in blind faith. the palpitating tin sound of the calliope electrified her skin and pushed through her pores to infest her flesh and bones. the notes snaked their way into her mind twining around her will until the pulsing rhythm controlled her rational thought.
from around the fence.
now is not the time for carmen to fall in love. two weeks before the most important violin competition of her career she has bigger things to worry about—like growing out of that suffocating “child prodigy” label and not disappointing her mother. but it isn’t just the wrong time. it’s the wrong guy. jeremy is carmen’s most talented rival and according to her mother he’s only interested in one thing winning.
helloooo there it has been so long since i last posted i must admit i have been very busy of late with christmas coming up. i sat down today and had an idea of this cute little guy so i set to and put keyboard to computer screen and when i finished i thought... hell do.
strangely enough sometimes you do not notice you are good at something until someone tells you so. while you may have realized what your special traits and talents are you come to recognize more exceptional qualities you possess when hearing them from another point of view. at times you would come across unsuspecting remarks and uncalled for words of praise that would come from a friend family member or a stranger. a usual reaction is “…but i didn’t do anything” implying that what you are doing naturally in turn unexpectedly affects others – one more hint pinpointing you in the right direction.
odie mama. and odie. (he wishes for smarter characters in his movies as well)
kqghj blog (kqghjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the amazon services llc and amazon eu associates programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com amazon.ca amazon.co.uk amazon.de amazon.fr amazon.it and amazon.es. certain content that appears on this website comes from amazon services llc andr amazon eu. this content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
(looking back it kind of reminds me of the final air scene from top gun when maverick and iceman keep repeating everything multiple times—"theres a mig on your tail theres a mig on your tail break left break left break left")
we did cool things this month.
bp hired a top oilfield service company to test the strength of cement linings on the deepwater horizon’s well but sent the firm’s workers home hours before the rig exploded april without performing a final check that a top cementing company executive called “the only test that can really determine the actual effectiveness” of the well’s seal.
the lure and the prestige of getting a book published has always been based on... what? exclusivity. its exciting to get a book deal because many want one and few can get one.
like a kaleidoscope of colors and drops of purple rainbows
like how?
for over the past three years now there has been destruction and construction going on in the block next to the building where i work. ive been watching with much interest how it was all taken apart how that huge hole was dug and then filled in with different construction.
total $ + a few bucks for artecor & shower curtainand towel hook
thornton’s material is consistently strong with a decent range and a hefty amount of audience ribbing – pity the fools who sit in the front row. as with many comedy shows thornton’s sexbased material is the strongest. it’s even stronger when the materials includes one particularly hilarious story about his mum a sexual health nurse dealing with a recalcitrant teenage student who was trying to explain a slang word for ‘semen’ by gesturing to his crotch.
step lift up the cutter insert popper top and pop out the bitesized pieces
sunbathing fly
a child will be born for us. a son will be given to us. the government will rest on his shoulders. he will be named wonderful counselor mighty god everlasting father prince of peace. his government and peace will have unlimited growth. he will establish david’s throne and kingdom. he will uphold it with justice and righteousness now and forever. the lord of armies is determined to do this isaiah 
i think its because of this amount of effort and the fact that black hair is always ready to break or drop out at a moments notice that prompts black women to talk about hair styles and hair care every time they meet.
if i have failed why do i have this light and pleasant feeling of accomplishment? i have a sensation that i averted something significant despite facing my greatest failure in my young life. i couldn’t stop it despite having a limitless resource of power.
awwww. okay no punishment. send both back up to their rooms.
i stood with pride
. mix together all the ingredients for the tomato sauce – add water just to get a spreading consistency. spread over the pizza.
the photo of him is downloaded from his match.com profile.
makes about large cakes; serves to 
then that person will not take the time to
deirdra what authors do you admire and why?
i really enjoyed working with these clients on all aspects of the kitchen design but my favorite part was creating the new space plan. i’m really glad my clients’ “went for it” and decided to invest in taking out the bearing wall. i think a lot of people are afraid to tackle such projects because they think they are prohibitively expensive. thats not always the case and often times the transformation is worth the cost.
and these two are on loan to us
i did not think youd care thered be no problems here
the point with this post isnt me going on about my freakishness. no i actually had something else in mind. i went groceryshopping this morning and came to think of two things ~ both of which have kids involved. i have no kids of my own (and hopefully ill spare the world from ever putting small copies of myself into it) so forgive me if i dont understand the moms behaviour in the following situations (im guessing its stress or just "i dont fucking care about other people than myself" ~ which seems to be the general attitude today)
i’m excited about fresh organic vegetables right out of the front yard. here’s hoping i do better with vegetables than i do with orchids
today i take you on a past adventure one from . writers often need to flee ship and crew go far away to capture treasure on paper. the place they go? a residency. this me scallywags is a place for contemplation immersion communing with the story. residencies are applied for and often denied as the need is high writers many and possibilities limited. aye ive been lucky and nailed many a residency and one of my favorite was a month in winter at vermont studio center in johnson vermont a wee hamlet that echoes me own home town in spirit where youll still find stenciled on the sidewalks "kill your tv."
politicking coalition of
distributors – proact
as ted belman better known as the “israpundit” wrote
my second child is a very finicky eater. i would like to spend some time writing about her on my blog in the future but this time i’d like to go straight to the story about this recipe.
but...hey do you like journey? wait til you hear my new ringtone
room was moist also even up
a sign soon proclaims that we are entering blucher village reflecting the name of the coal mine that once stood here named after gebhard leberecht von blücher the prussian general who saved the day at the battle of waterloo. at the far end of the terrace of houses as fields open out to the south of us again we reach the site of milecastle shyly loitering behind a park bench and a flowerbed.
and islam is aided and abetted by europe’s new communists — albeit with a love of capitalist money in their own pockets — the european union and their apparatchiks who outlaw public displays of unease about our children’s future via totalitarian means.
prometheus the titan who gave fire to human beings to advance our progress and died for it.
my take groupon is smoke mirrors and hype. this is why they had no choice but to turn down google’s $ billion offer and also the reason their insiders are cashing out now ahead of the public scrutiny an ipo will bring.
i was once called mcgiver due to the ever present handy tools and skills to fix pretty much anything – with the exceptions of broken hearts. i guess today i can add gender to the list.
i did not meet guru gobind singh in a trance or in samadhi or in a dream state.
in the national leadership consortium at the university of delaware was calling attention to a “looming crisis” in dd services. their data showed that twothirds of current ceos and executive directors of nonprofit organizations as well as government senior managers were leaving their jobs by . “many leaders of disability organizations are reaching retirement age” they stated “and there is not a ‘next generation’ of leaders prepared to move into these positions.” i think patti stonesifer might disagree with that.
the research house says the rationale for an acquisition of proton could include a more efficient use of the group’s cash resources a disposal of group lotus utilising proton’s spare production capacity or vast empty industrial landbank in tanjung malim perak by negotiating with multinational car producers looking to diversify some production from thailand.
my mom wanted to add “i wanted a name that would look good as a signature when you signed your name on documents”
im more sentimental for the door with the handpainted letters that stood up to years of weather and thousands of miles of deliveries to walter bicks farm in scarborough full of pickling cucumbers or cabbage to turn into sauerkraut.
ive learned to get past most of that with kershaw. ive decided to enjoy him for the greatness that he is. ive never been more excited about a player on my team (although matt kemp is getting very close). in fact ive gotten to the point where im stunned when kershaw doesnt do well.
well every parent have parents too.. so of course i have grandparents. i didn’t live in a very close geographical locate to either side as a result i didn’t see either of them as often as i would have liked. but i enjoyed my visits with them.
for those of you who haven’t rag tied and curled your hair – you jsut get some rags and roll your hair around it then tie it. for me and my sudden inspiration i cut up a pair of pajama pants then set about curling it all up. it is a great look as you can see ( it gets better trust me) then you just fall asleep. something i am very good at so good that i over slept. i woke up at . and had to untie them all (something a bit tricky when you are still half asleep) so i could deal with this lovely looking thing.
weve had this winter
by mike ratliff
postcards from a dead girl his dead mother speaks to him from a bottle of wine and his dead girlfriend is sending him postcards from exotic locations. yeaaaah.. hes losing it
i love how all my animals adore you and my bobcat can’t stop headbutting you.
 eggs or variation use tbsp ground flaxseed mixed with tbsp water cooked until brought to boil stirring constantly for eggs.
the early to mid ′s this is one of the things that i really
just today my wheel looks like an old friend id like to catch up with sometime soon.
and theres more
this law explains the mysterious gamma ray bursts. as a galactic black hole intensifies it starts bending space in the direction of the more massive gravity object. when the black hole collides with the gravity object it causes a gamma ray burst and great destruction much the same way a tornado touchdown causes destruction.
) do a subject search in the major search engines.
whos to say these incidents are real or not? for every unsettling feeling there is another that indicates that we are using the deaths of real people as our own entertainment. is it harmless or dehumanizing? nowadays it seems that these "incidents" are fewer and fewer as the demand for "real" (read found footage) horror escalates. the pr teams that grew up on these "curses" are now the people selling these films to us.
on the way to work there is more fruit. a taxidermist (a profession i would have thought long gone maybe it survives by stuffing beloved pets) has a large snake wound round the tree in front of the business. in its mouth is an apple. mmmmmm….. tempting but i resist. i walk on and am not banished.
records — rye ; harrison .
to see what the rest of the design team came up with for this fun challenge.
its no secret among my friends that i am a dave ramsey fan (or is that junkie). about a year ago i was listening to dave ramsey on the radio while i worked in the kitchen and heard him interview jon acuff.
high five to jalouse for poking fun at the modern day lookbook which we often find ourselves falling head over heels in love with while managing to follow with a large portion of irony the exact framework to make us coo.
the guide later adds
through mixed birchazel woodland to emerge onto the road uphill through the pretty hamlet of motts mill with its delightful whiteweatherboarded cottages. after the climb my path turns off the road and heads steeply back downhill through more hazel woodland.
kimberly gordon quintet
i really hope there is very little of me in my characters since many of them tend to be immoral vicious bloodthirsty killers or unwise enough to get themselves into situations where they are maimed or killed. well maybe they share my odd sense of humour.
i know that having a sick little girl isnt much fun for her or me
“so be it then skald” said the king and withal he gave him a ring that weighed six ounces; “but” said he “thou shalt give me thy word to come back next autumn for i will not let thee go altogether because of thy great prowess.”
when it was time for them to play in the kitchen i would step out and let them go to it. i was always nearby for questions and to step in if there was any kind of emergency. pretty much i was a security blanket. as you would expect they regularly destroyed my kitchen. and then they learned how to clean it up. they made some fantastic disasters along the way. they made amazing discoveries. they learned how to cook
with so many active twitter and facebook users and so many conversations happening it’ll take a while for you to get noticed. updating once or twice a week simply won’t cut it and most of your messages will be missed by your fans and followers. use your strategy and action plan to decide how often you’ll update and stick with it
for those following along with my guest posts this week you’ll find me
capt pete
it’s hard to get those five words out of my head. i need to lose pounds by may th. that’s too easy actually. twelve days and pounds is about pounds every to days. i know i’ll be bingeing these next two weeks at least the days will give me some leeway on it.
to let base clouds o’ertake me in my way
‘why should i trust you?’ my voice is barely audible but i know he can hear it.
today ill share three picturetaking rulesips in regard to layout
**click that link right there to nab a copy of that tape but if you want one from me i got em in the sentient recordings shop too.
it was convenient in some ways but i immediately noticed a difference in how people reacted to me. in fact i gained a degree of invisibility as a short woman with short hair and mostly thats not a good thing when it is already a struggle to be taken seriously.
already all of us are digging our own paths sparing no one or nothing.
here is a current shot am cdt — roughly hours after the ring appeared instead of sunny and clear like the weather pros forecasted — we see storms coming on radar now
life is a surprisingly short things
so we jumped in the car and headed straight to the o.p. for the sonogram. we got there around p and were seen within about minutes. although i was concerned about the idea of fluid loss i just had a feeling that everything was aokay. however i was thrilled at the idea of being able to see morgan again ive so wanted to be able to because i needed the reassurance (visually) that everything was developing normally. the tech did many things including measuring the amniotic fluid around the baby which measured in at (cant remember the unit of measurement). she said they like it to be anywhere from to so morgan was fine there then they did a series of battery tests to assess her gross and fine motor skills and her practice breathing she passed all of them
you are brilliant.
but now it’s over.
while my love for the old and timeless runs deep i do have a little spunky contemporary side i have to let loose so there will be a few details to show that. while i plan on wearing an ivory wedding gown im looking forward to having fun with my shoes and coloring the soles a vibrant pink for a bright bold and unexpected splash of color. and jeff has already picked out a fun pair of colorful argyle socks to wear with his wedding day suit.
tata indigo gemstones is a compact four door designed by tata motors the indian subcontinent. this kind of car is pretty popular among consumers and holds a good spot in the industry. so at this point not one but two competitive sedans function together with indian roads. let’s look at cool features specifications and also engine information of the two cars.
after our coffee we tramped around the city streets. tremont is a neighborhood of streets coming together at odd angles. it is a wacky mixture of decaying old homes renovated old homes churches and new condos. despite the good inventory of dumpy homes and the lack of people walking around outside i still felt pretty safe walking around during the day. we avoided the sketchier looking streets and tramped up and down the ones that looked a little more cared for. at one point i was able to stand and count – churches within a block of each other. cleveland has more churches than any other city i have ever been to.
why you should join mnc?
a thoroughly enjoyable night in which we were able to sample a good range of what both cooley distillery and ireland have to offer. irish whiskey hasn’t been something i’ve taken much notice of in the past with only jamesons and bushmills my only knowledgable ports of call. but i’ll be looking out for the kilbeggan blend as well as the greenore yr which alex says are widely available in places likes corks out.
“ill give you a dollar for this”.
eg day 
musée picasso
punishment
so this month i tried some new items so ill start by typing about that.
nonpc?
lipper fmi reports that fixed income received another $. billion. this is the th consecutive weekly inflow for the asset class but it is a bit light compared to previous weeks. but the corporate high yield sector which actually is correlated with the equity market saw a net withdrawals of $. billion for the week. this is the largest weekly redemption since may (when the sector lost $. billion). according to the merrill lynch high yield master ii index junk bonds were priced at . yielding .% – basis points above treasury bills.
become overcast
congrats ladies i hope you will all take me up on my offer of a guest dt spot.
mr sheridan asked whether there was a culture of private and confidential cash payments at news of the world. mr wight accepted that cash payments were indeed made but that there was a note of every one paid. mr sheridan then referred to the notw’s “sheridan costs” document dated june consisting of a table of payments many redacted by the commissioner appointed previously by the court. mr sheridan drew mr wight to two entries labelled “private and confidential cash payment” for £ and £ which mr wight was unable to explain then another two entries with his name against them one for around £ and the other for £ labelled accommodation. mr wight stated these pertained to his three week stay in scotland around the trial and also included ms mcguire’s expenses adding that cash payments were very rarely paid in scotland. mr sheridan then drew attention to records of three cash payments from august totalling £ attached to the “sheridan costs” document with mr wight pointing out that these were dated after he had moved to london and stated these were not evidence of a culture of cash payments.
liv is a brilliant protagonist. she is intelligent and hardworking vulnerable without being weak. she had a quirky sense of humour and a quick witted way of thinking and speaking that made me all the more drawn to her.
the chopsaw spouse modified to cut wood. he swapped out the metal cutting blade for a wood cutting blade. probably not what the manufacturer intended but dont laugh. it works. (mama still wants that compound mitre saw for the holdiays ya hear?)
we started out our day doing an early morning photo shoot using her vanity and props. its was a s sandra dee theme using a nightie i purchased on my first day. i will share those photos on a later day with you but i can give you a little glimpse into the shoots i did with kay murray who runs reverierevel.﻿
the very first toy ever advertised on television was ……. mr potato head 
lighter
weyermann schlotfegerla .% mildly roasty sweetish smoke but well to the back well balanced. thats what i wrote. i assume i enjoyed it.
playing is essential for creative critters like bloggers.
my god is altogether lovely ~ gale
that this pamphlet can aid in grappling with the task today of articulating rethinking how to develop the unification of theoryractice with these new forces of revolution has been proved by what we have learned from marx’s last writings–his ethnological notebooks.[] that is to say the presentation of marx’s marxism as a totality as a new continent of thought and of revolution has been verified by the publication of those writings which touch on the problematic of our day–the third world. they round out marx’s break with capitalist society and his first discovery of a whole new continent of thought as marx articulated it in the humanist essays which did not limit his revolutionary challenge to capitalism only to what he was against and meant to overthrow. rather in unfurling the banner of revolution marx’s magnificent vision disclosed the new human relations he was for from a new relationship of manoman to the end of the division between mental and manual labor. in the s that vision pointed to the need for a “revolution in permanence”; and by his grundrisse projected humanity’s as well as the individual’s development as an “absolute movement of becoming.”…
 the crust of my bread developed a beautiful golden color but the crumb was a bit denser than i would have liked some big holes would have been lovely
in the evening everybody sat around campfires drinking beer and socializing before going to sleep in the luxurious tents that were provided. as dusk approached about native men approached in full costume including spears and sheilds and alex was delighted he thought the men were the "entertainment" for the evening and looked forward to the tribal dance or whatever these guys were going to do.
and this has deep repercussions for the future of europe and the european union experiment.
christian community development is an approach dr. john perkins has described this way. you are busy pulling people out of a river to save them from drowning. but you finally realize that somewhere upstream they are fallingumpingeing pushed in. you decide to go upstream to do something about it.
incidentally i hate american spell check – favour or favor? – i will go for the english and reeducate my computer.. even down to the number of full stops i put or even exclamation marks yeah
higher than i.
and to top it off a home made scrumptious pork bun…
 gollum
write
my mom "yes aidan loves books and he wants to share them with you. he loves it when you read his books."
the wonderful booty buns has been kind enough to offer lucky ready a diaper and you get to chose which one ) even though they just gave away a huge prize package they still find it in their hearts to help us little guys ) i would like to thank booty buns for this wonderful giveaway
i’ve worked it out.
i came home from work the other night to find the kids atwitter with excitement over their new discovery a robins egg. the egg had fallen from a nest somewhere but other than a tiny crack was fully intact. the kids fashioned a new cozy nest out of grass and twigs brought their new little blue friend inside and promptly made him a member of our family.
they were saying “hey we’re going to kill you if you don’t hand over your money.”
thank god for the blessing of a kind word i have so often been the recipient of such words. an earnest “i’m praying for you” a caring “how’s your health?” or a sincere “i really appreciate you.” kind words like these really cheer the heart and in each of the above examples i can recall a specific instance that i continue to draw energy from. in the second daily text the word for “cheer” is literally derived from a hebrew word meaning to “brighten up.”
very vanilla cardstock stampin up
i arrived at gate b before my flight. and no i didn’t make that up.
read said “at the moment essex life rarely produce web specific or web exclusive content.” though this is common for regional titles it is not the norm for the big consumer magazines.
 consequences
the nastiest feuds the silliest spokespersons
im not familiar enough with aissawa music to know if these tunes are from the trance repertoire or from the streetrocessional repertoire. whichever it is these are some serious long jams the group riffs it nonstop for + sides of these volumes
how does it happen that a child becomes older than we think we are? today is my firstborns birthday. although he was due on march th he made me wait another entire month and a day to make his appearance. if one more person had asked if i was "still pregnant" i think i would have killed someone.
claire said “the most spinetingling thing about the venture was the first time i saw a card on the web that had my stamps on it and wasnt made by me that was surreal then seeing our stuff on cards that were in magazines was just awesome having said that though the thing that makes me happiest is the amount of lovely people i have met i was a stay at home mum with a very limited social life and now i literally have buddies all over the world how cool is that”
well..i called her and with the most serious professional voice i could muster walked her through turning her telephone pole back on. maybe technology isn’t for everyone.
i grew up on a farm in iowa. i always wanted to write (see ). i loved riding ponies in the fields and i missed that when i grew up and moved away. i think that’s why i became a runner and then a cyclist—because i still needed the feeling of moving through the air outside. i have run marathons and raced my bike. i still race a little bit. right now i live in the country and i have a newfoundland dog named freya who weighs pounds. she’s bigger than i am i also teach english humanities creative writing and children’s literature at south central college in north mankato. i write all summer and every chance i get.
its been almost a month since my last post. and ive been wondering if its time to let go of blogging. i started as a way of practising writing almost five years ago and i do that by just writing now. i teach writing and i write. so i dont feel the same compulsion to write a blog anymore.
song of the day bright eyes four winds
this is another image im really feeling inspired by as the layout is the same except there is no peninsula
soft kisses fade away in frothing soapsuds
and finally today’s public sector strikes have meant business at the welsh assembly was cancelled because labour and plaid cymru wouldn’t cross the picket line. i fully support people’s right to strike and there are legitimate grievances but how come the scottish northern irish and uk government’s don’t grind to a halt when the trade union call strikes; this is the second time its happened in cardiff bay this year. because there’s more than a whiff of sticking it to the uk government about today’s action by labour and plaid cymru am’s added with last week’s local elections billed as referendum on the uk government our assembly members want to watch they don’t do themselves out of a job buy making themselves increasingly irrelevant by solely focusing on uk politics.
the day in question was a toughie a full teaching day a midmorning break in the company of warring tutees and a lunch break crammed with timesapping hod business. lesson four (of five) with bottomset year was just finishing and it had been a gruelling minutes of vêtements.
idiots.
anyway from that magazine also i tried to make some other pillow cases it was all about pillow cases but i started one that i never finished mostly because at that time i did not have a clue on how to read crotchet or knitting patterns so i was guessing and following the pictures and i got bored fast from that.
garry winogrand ( gelatin silver )
½ cups rice wine vinegar
god took the strength of a mountain
and the funniest thing for me was this. the cups were made of a special new environmentally friendly plastic we are going to save the planet by making beer drinkers drink a tiny bit less beer mls at a time. global warming strikes again
thanking god
chile
we had been concerned about it after seeing more and more random branches falling after slight winds
yeah i was the mom that all the other moms would send dirty looks to when trevor climbed. where was i? why wasn’t i telling him not to do that? didn’t i know he could fall?
he expounds on truths
everything around us may change but god’s word will never change. the greatest book ever written to the family is still the bible. “jesus spoke these words … ‘father … sanctify them by your truth. your word is truth’” (jn. ).
cardigan (club monaco consignment) cami (inwear) skirt (vivienne tam consignment) shoes (friis & co.) necklace (vintage s grandma j).
and if you thought it couldnt get any stupider here is the final straw....
well another week has passed and another week has been worked. i went in for a double on sunday and expected the craziness of the idiots and the hillbillies and hurricanes crowd to get rowdy per usual what i didnt expect was what i actually saw.
gross violation of human rights and mass manslaughter in azerbaijan caused little reaction of western powers. mikhail gorbachev’s regime was adamantly supported against “heavily armed gangs of hooligans and drugtraffickers.”
i have written before about working on improving birth weight values. my goal is a spread of birth weights between seven and eleven pounds. different people have different ideals based on their management systems. i want my lambs to have big enough frames that they are not at risk of chilling on cold rainy days; but not so big that they risk difficult births because i’m not always present to assist. it looks like i’ve made some progress there here are my numbers from this year.
so for a zestier lunch today add a little something extra to your meal try some salsa or guac or mustard and while your taste buds expand and explode with new flavors you can also enjoy knowing that your waist will not
my review christine mehrings debut novel is a beautifully written story of family enduring love hope and faith. megans life is completely turned upside down when her mother is suddenly killed in a car accident. left in her grandmothers care she must face the realities and heart ache of losing someone she loves. she is also faced with the dilemma of making grownup choices as she tries her best to help her grandmother take on the responsibilities for her two younger sisters. megan is a very likable character with honest qualities. she makes mistakes just like any other person and your heart aches for her and her struggles. mehrings writing is open and honest and i thought this story touched on several important topics such as grief and the importance of coping skills. megan is left with much of the responsibilities while one sister turns to alcoholism and the other hides in the past. i believe mehrings portrayal of each individuals grief is very real and there will be many readers who can easily relate. i liked the flow of the novel. it was a fast read and kept you turning the pages. it was a difficult book to put down. mehrings characters were wellrounded and believable and i definitely recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a fast touching read. well done christine
() a multitude of free themes designed to meet different blogging needsikes. one click is all it takes to change the look and feel of your blog and more custom options (i.e. headers) than i can share about. (this is great for someone like me who gets tired of the same look after a while.)
so whatever reason i experienced the woman in yellow momentarily in the dream – as odd as it sounds because of that impression some of my other impressions of people i have continually known longer have changed. maybe we look or see something differently or maybe we see it from ourselves from another’s perspective. how or why that happens i don’t know. but they do hopefully in the end for the better. no matter how short our experiences happen in dreams or in actual encounters many can and will lead things into what they are meant to finally be.
people around me thanked me stating that they were glad i spoke up. they wanted to but they didnt dare. they didnt want to get involved.
my puppies always know what im feeling and know just the right way to place their head on my knee (or you know jump on my lap and lick my face) to cheer me up
she let go of the things in her pocket that she had been unconsciously clutching on to and slowly moved to the back of the crowd.
the time monday july th pm
but the angel reassured them. “don’t be afraid” he said. “i bring you good news that will bring great joy to all people. the savior—yes the messiah the lord—has been born today in bethlehem the city of david and you will recognize him by this sign you will find a baby wrapped snugly in strips of cloth lying in a manger.” suddenly the angel was joined by a vast host of others—the armies of heaven—praising god and saying
allow me to explain...
the females of this species hide their young in their stomachs throughout the incubation period and then give birth to them through their mouths. but in order for this to happen a number of adjustments have to be made all at the same time and with no mistakes allowed the eggstructure has to be set up the stomach acid must be neutralized and the mothers have to be able to live for weeks without feeding.
yes it surely does seem that day by day and little by little we see the real america "slipping away."
i am dying over all these entryways fall is my absolute favorite time of the year where i pretend its not degrees out and dream of all the outfits i am going to wear when i can finally pull out my leather boots when the slightest dip in the temperature feels so cold and i can paint my nails my favorite taupe opi color.
a new set of faces to get to know and love to sit beside us in our circle in the candlelight to hear the sacred stories and to ponder with us what they might mean.
anyway the gauntlet has been laid by karen who if you look on the sn blog has a great wee charm that made me giggle with a reference to muffins.
the best short stories of o. henry
anchor steam christmas is a beer that requires tasting vintage on vintage regardless of your beer preference. i have both stocked and tasted this seasonal ale since and every year it differs. its not my favourite beer but its definitely one of the ones i look forward to tasting most.
late on monday evening the outcome of the sfa judicial panel hearing into allegations against craig whyte and rangers was made public. it is fair to say that the sentences passed if not the verdicts were surprising. the immediate response from the administrators of rangers was to condemn the “draconian sanctions”. on the other hand commentators and fans of teams other than rangers expressed surprise at the severity of the penalties. there had been a widespread view that a rap on the knuckles would be delivered. however what landed on rangers was the equivalent of a joe frazier hook to the head.
you know when people ask you where you read or when you read? anywhere and all the time is my answer. at breakfast when i’m brushing my teeth when i’m waiting somewhere…
the changes mean completion of phase one which included a resurfaced trail new lights and fencing will be pushed back slightly from its original spring date.
serious. yeah. thats the other thing this is something that is being taken completely colddead serious. for as corny and dumb as meteor is not one moment of selfreferential humor can be found of any kind. if this was made today you can be sure that there would be stupid goofy overblown comedic scenes by the truckload.
its really getting quite out of hand...
the justice system discriminates against maori says maori affairs minister pita sharples.
i understand the rationale behind their decision to keep me here though there is a subtle difference between understand and accept.
a new report by nielsen co. released friday underscores what network television researchers have been preaching for more than a year that “second screen viewing” appears to augment the tv viewing experience rather than steal away viewers.
the history of mothering sunday in the uk is quite interesting. it started out as mainly a religious day where the whole community set aside a certain sunday for them to return to their mother church. basically what this means is that they would attend church services at their regular church throughout the year but just on that one specific sunday everybody would attend the service held by the mother or main church in their area.
;
i wonder when you’ll join me
but thanks to the wonder of facebook and perseverance by all of us we managed to reconnect with e in the past few months. weve exchanged lots of emails and planned to get together whenever two or more of us was in the same place. e lives in new hampshire l in london and me in ksa. we had tried to all be in the same place at the same time but sadly l couldnt make it home in june. es mom and i set the date for me to go to the family home for dinner.
clothing ugh im having a hard time spending money on maternity clothing..or just buying clothing period i saw some nice things over at gap maternity...have yet to order anything...
in search of eternal beauty.
we have a perfect example of this with abraham. in genesis god told abraham that he would have a son. his wife sarah thought this impossible so she thought up a plan which we see in genesis . and sarai said unto abram behold now the lord hath restrained me from bearing i pray thee go in unto my maid; it may be that i may obtain children by her. and abram hearkened to the voice of sarai.”
. now go ()
awesome awesome weekend
i especially started to see the difference promoting a blog or any other kind of publication for that matter on twitter when i was chosen to launch a new branch of a nationally published online magazine at msu and the first things in my launch packet were to set up a twitter and a facebook page. social media along with a few hundred flyers was my main source of getting this branch off the ground and get people to not only be a part of my writing staff but to also get people to read our content once i figured that first part out. because isn’t traffic to your magazine blog or news site the main point here anyways?
today i find myself surrounded by an incredible army of righteous spirits. these young boys that i get to raise and the wonderful man that i get to spend eternity with are more than i could have ever asked for.i feel the lord teaching me daily about the things we need to teach our children to prepare them for eternity. i feel the beautiful burden that comes with raising future missionaries and future husbands and future daddies. i feel the rewards of being a wife and a mother and ...
there is a certain possessiveness inherent within otaku culture that is especially unforgiving towards female idols and seiyuu and how much latitude they have in presenting themselves. like a number of things it’s about image built around a cult of personality. should a female with a notable established reputation make for instance a sudden wedding announcement or express an interest in moving on to other things or god forbid do something not seiyuunimerelated that indicates they in fact are real people with outside interests the results can be ugly. even before the scandal aya was unfortunately already wellacquainted with this side of otakudom. in fact a female seiyuudol can even be crucified for events in her distant past even before she came to prominence. such was the case with miyamura yuko seiyuu of eva‘s soryu asuka langley whose career was more or less destroyed after fans recognized her from an old amateur av.
if you are considering putting your home on the market an investment on
the oz can is always ¢ per ounce. i know that by buying the larger can i always get the sale price on ketchup. we divide that big can into pint jars and store in the fridge until we need them. we do this about twice a year and it keeps just fine in the jars. if i can get to sams club that same size can is ¢ an ounce even more savings. at that price if some gets wasted im less concerned because the whole pint jar only cost us ¢.
what i actually hate is the shame. i’ve never admitted to anyone that i am bulimic and i never will. if my friends knew that i don’t spend my time studying that i actually just hide in my room and binge and puke down the sink for hours on end every single day they wouldn’t stick around. i call them friends but really there’s only one – the others are just flatmates because i’ve spent most of this year in my room puking. friends flatmates of casual acquaintances i happen to live with they’d think i’m insane and they’d probably be right but i can’t stand the thought of anyone knowing my dirty disgusting guilty little secret.
i keep my anger bottled up and sometimes i explode.
colour brights the slightly whacky intersection of charlie chaplin and circus clowns. gail sorrondas presentation on day of mbfwa was all this and so much more. utilising sorrondas canon of staple shapes the voluminous tops the trapeze tentlike dresses the ruffle embelishments this collection seemed lighter somehow. for springummer it will work well all those colours play off the brightness of australian heat and the oversized overblown shapes wont go astray when it starts to get warmer.
we learned all about yeast. the freeze dried yeast you get in the store is quite amazing pretty indestructible stuff. you should keep it in the freezer by the way. we learned about making your own starter with organic grapes water flour and time (read the la brea bakery cookbook for a good explanation and technique)...i wont ever be doing that but learning about making your own starter from your regional yeast spores in the air is very interesting.
include some funny videos the phone number for the school a text message that says something like "you rock because you can read this" and an sms pretending to be from someone like justin beiber.
each of us from the dt decided it would be fun to remember suzanne today in "typical suzanne" style our creations will either help remember a "funny travel moment" with suzanne or... share a secret about suzanne. ha bet she didnt see this coming lol
final verdict “wrath of the titans feels even more hollow and lifeless than its predecessor in terms of drama and whimsy but its action scenes are mostly decent and the surprisingly solid d job is much improved over its predecessor. it may be a bit of a flaccid wooden film but it looks good and it hits hard so if you want an undemanding action movie to start scratching your blockbuster itch early before summer this is good enough to justify a ticket especially in d.”
jakob magnússon and guðmundur joined bubbi morthens to play in das kapital until then jakob followed up with bubbi & mx and worked as a session player for several artists. in he released his first solo album bassajól. after playing in das kapital guðmundur withdrew from the music scene.after leaving the band eyþór arnalds studied cello and continued with the band todmobile and later joined singer móa julíusdóttir to form a band called bong which achieved relative success in iceland and england. he has released a few solo albums and then collaborated with móa’s debut album universal in and has worked in the icelandic music industry as sound engineer. more recently he got involved in politics running for mayor in the town of árborg.eyjólfur jóhannsson continued playing with bands like dá the wunderfoolzs and in joined s.s.sól. oddur joined a heavy metal band called foringjarnir and he became an electrician. more recently he followed up with another band called santiago releasing an album in .
mayall penis drip catchers with knocker holders (laughs).
the number that connects everything.
north hollywood california 
merrell this is a stupid conversation.
from the founders web site
hyouka ep. 
getting up on stage can be tricky. ive done it a lot as a dancer and when im teaching so im observant at what seems to work and what doesnt. as a person who gets to see a lot of models both for still photography and like this on stage this is my top ways to boost your pin up star rating...
saturday chronis pou vasiliou and matthew beasley playing greek music.
‘we placed your black wand in your hand
grade b
and make my soul quit abelard for god.
how does this related to red blood i hear you ask? well maybe not since on the whole people who read writing blogs are pretty smart so youve probably already figured it out. anyway.
but the most fantastic and exciting event of the night was ice dancing the final portion of the ice dance competition the free dance would finally determine who would win the gold and would this be history in the making? would north america finally knock russia off the gold? this was an epic war for dominance and all the athletes brought out their best
call for artists* you must be able to guarantee a min. of guests.* song acoustic set* no gigs weeks before or after* original music only* you must be a songsalive elite member www.songsalive.org go to "join"* member benefits at www.songsalive.org* follow the instructions to perform showcase application at www.songsalive.net
her subtlety comes across again in the ‘the word for it’ where in the heat of rising desire the climax cleaves away from expression
though we are merely something to put up
maybe next time? i would sure love to see some more sparkly and shimmery nailpolishes from catrice.
bra size
heres a little card for a special couple who are celebrating their th wedding anniversary today now that deserves a serious wow
there were multiple funny conversations. among them was this
she is my future my past. she is me and no one i know. he is every man i have ever met and every man i will avoid. he is what i will teach my son not to be. and in some other realm i see her and she is free. she is without shackles and without daggers. she owns her essence and is euphoric in splendor of possibility. and there will be one one to defy all others. one to touch her cheek and melt away those stains. he will whisper and elevate. she will taste the salt of tears seasoned with wonder.
the free show came just hours after the los angeles band was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
son went to college we moved the kids rooms around and i got a workout room a treadmill an elliptical a wii (with lots of exercise gamestuff) exercise ball adjustable weights a big tv on the wall netflix satellite dvd playerecorder anything i could possibly need to do exercise and not get bored. i have new towels even a shelf filled with bottles of water.
. serve hot with garnished coriander leaves on the top.it goes well when served with warm roti poories or even plain rice.
i went to crema cafe on tuesday and was surprised to see that two of their pastries were labeled (labeled) as gluten free. they had a coconut macaroon and some nebulous bar type thing that was labeled as a “cranberry pistachio” bar. it looked like it was made with oats but it was very difficult to tell.
dead air is planning to be there so if you have any questions that are specifically about the syg law go ahead and ask them here and ill see what i can do. let your voices be heard
grandpa is helping on the end down there ()
and submerged.
the link gadget will close on january st at .pm cst.
based on a vast amount of research (which consists mainly of mentally cataloging the facebook and twitter updates of my friends) i’ve determined that there is a definite line in the sand when it comes to readers (especially readers of ya and fantasy books)
a friend of mine shared with me what they had learned from their recently passed uncle – how to love up to the ceiling down to the floor the whole world round and a lot lot more. these are words to live by and i hope that i come across that way to the world because a good part of the time i feel it. i am it.
 manually
. 
and one last image where you can see the sand coloured hood for a stylish ride even when its raining
however kevin is concerned some people don’t understand what it means to work in the green sector. while the number of students entering environmental studies programs is on the rise the number of graduates is declining. this is because many new students are confused about what it means to be an environmental professional says kevin.
maybelline mousse blush in pink frosting
prisoner of the inquisition by theresa breslin doubleday hbk. £.
i hugged her before she left. and i couldnt wait for us to talk with the orthopedic surgeon.
it wasnt the sore fingers making the bobbles that forced me ti rip it back honest ) it was just that i felt the many colour changes in the yarn were swamping the pattern rather than allowing the bobbles to be the design feature. so it is no more. i still want to make that cardigan though ill just have to go through the stash and find a nice single colour yarn to work with.
“you won’t keep your arms still enough for us to start a line we may have to go in through your neck.” she responded.
a new tutorial and challenge on shabby chic design was added to stampnation this week. there are now video tutorial on stampnation wow you should head over and check us out. the ladies there sure are a hoot
he only talked about it once. said that it was the most frightening thing he has ever witnessed and hoped that he would never have to witness it again. it was a girl. a teenager. she was speaking in different voices and climbing the walls. weird huh?
when our busy + days in portland were up we picked up a rental car and headed east towards mt. hood and the columbia river gorge good decision. again great scenery and great beer was enjoyed. we stopped at full sail for lunch and was able to get a few pub exclusive beers and a nice view of the columbia river.
how teary eyed i get over everything. reading a magazine article at breakfast will have me crying in my cheerios. those hallmark commercials about the recordable storybooks that were everywhere at christmas made me weep.
i commit myself to prove mathematically that it is possible to have a world that is best for all if only we decide to let go of the fear and limitation that we believe is who we are
this bottling form cask is very straight forward. i use a "little bottler" connected to the cask tap. to make things as easy as possible i brought my floor capper into the utility room.
so the people round my dinner table were basically preaching intolerance and me and my husband were expected to go along with it. the conversation got round to who we would vote for. i cant vote but i said that as martine aubry didnt get to be socialist candidate i would vote if i could for sarkozy. i actually quite like him and i really really cant stand françois hollande.
"grandma and mom god is in my head."
but weve informed them of it and given them the camera footage to show the problem so if theres another deluge and businesses on our site get flooded then the claims will be against the city not us. we can prove our drains are clear and properly maintained.
"i have learned how to be content with whatever i have. i know how to live on almost nothing or with everything. i have learned the secret of living in every situation whether it is with a full stomach or empty with plenty or little."
thanks for the read
kingswood
ive been stuck in the house since wednesday and contrary to the guardians article on living solo last week living alone certainly is not a privilege when youre ill for a week and not sure who might come round (if anyone) to bring wellneeded provisions medicines and make you a cup of tea..
denzel washington gives us an interesting character as ruthless as hell ever need to be. we see that before he makes it on his own hes perfectly content with lighting a man on fire and shooting him to put him out of his misery. we see that the mentorship of bumpy johnson has a profound effect on him. as he tells his wife bumpy was as important a figure to him as martin luther king jr. and was most certainly a strong father figure. we get a sense of real affection and loyalty between the two men. at bumpys funeral he tells charlie he plans to collect all the money bumpy was owed. this comes across as a matter of principle frank cant tolerate the disrespect he perceives from outstanding debts. the funeral is also where we first see that frank is aware of everything around him. he sees tango and nikki barnes treating the funeral like a social event. tango attempting to talk to frank like a servant is certainly not missed but frank is not a hothead he is willing to wait until the proper time to settle these matters. he has learned some things from bumpy very well like take care of harlem and it will take care of you. he also learns to surround himself by those he trusts in this case bringing his entire family up from north carolina. as he tells his brothers "the most important thing in business is honesty integrity hard work family never forgetting where we came from. see you are what you are in this world that’s either one of two things either youre somebody ... or you’re nobody." as if to illustrate his point he shoots tango in the head in broad daylight in full view of his brothers. we sense that they get the point.
do they really think that the burning of the quran is going to stop muslims from being muslims? do they really think an entire religion is going to shut down and say "oh my we are scared of this preacher man terry jones. we should give up our religion and become christians because that is obviously the only right religion."
on dec twentytwo years ago today marc lépine murdered women in the name of "fighting feminism". twelve of these women were engineering students another was a nursing student and the last was a school clerk. lépine also injured more women and four men. the montreal massacre or the école polytechnique massacre is what canadians immediately think of when they think of school shootings but as raincitygirl pointed out in her post the case is not wellknown outside canada.
ill save the yokohama ipa for another time (read in about minutes).
i have answered to my best ability. the storm is getting stronger a clap of thunder. the dogs run to me as they run to me run to ann.
blingabilites
image of deng boozer lead bulls past ers 
this morning early sometime before his alarm goes off he puts my hand – you know where – waking me up. well i did the wifely thing and held on to him for him but all i wanted to do was sleep.
for this challenge we want to see summertime you can use any sentiment you want but the theme of the cardroject must have something to do with summer
in the quiet of my home i hear him speak to me those three same words we use out of politeness; so i respond knowing that god isn’t overly burdened and weighed down.
“please know that i’m here for you always. i want you. you mean the universe to me and i want you to be happy. i want you to know that my heart is yours. you have it. please please do not give it back.”
the larger issue said berkowitz are the cases like russell’s where no one is even looking.
p.s. spellcheck makes me laugh. i just love some of the suggested words they have on here. it dinged me on "holic" after the word lemon. and the list of suggested words for holic were colic hollie hoick (what is that??) holli and helix. *laugh my butt off*
 ensures exact digital extraction from cd
there are quite a lot of useful elements for example to cut out.
the one thing i am fussy about is the sauce. it needs to be thick as the water from the pasta can dilute it and make the sauce very runny. i want something that sticks to my ribs. if you can be organised enough (i am not but try to make the effort for this.) add a peeled onion chopped in half a handful of black peppercorns and a couple of torn bay leaves to the milk the night before you make it. not hugely important but if you try it you will be glad you did. dont throw the onion away as it can be cooked to go into the dish. we dont want to waste anything now do we?
“no darling not now.”
i am not being a snob or whatever but we only invited people to the event officially unofficial (no invitation given) visitors. after long days and nights of preparing the event you would want it to work how you envisioned it to work. i expected some things to get out of hand but i did not expect a mob.
of montreal "gronlandic edit"
eric olthwaite it were always raining in denley moor except on days when it were fine; and there werent many of those not if you include drizzle as rain. and even if it werent drizzling it were overcast and there were a lot of moisture in the air. youd come home as though it had been raining even though there had been no evidence of precipitation in the rain gauge outside the town hall.
according to suaram lawyer joseph brehem the investigations on the french side have so far provided sufficient evidence to suspect that “specific” malaysian officials did take ‘bribes’ or kickbacks from scorpenes vendor dcn – which is illegal under the french law.
within the fire because they hope to come
but taking into account tiffany vogts article about true romances being so rare on television i think it is not a far cry to suggest that the relationship between jack and kate the subtleness the uncertainty the ambiguity after all was said and done painted a much richer much different and truly consistent picture of a romance than the usual simplified and amplified tv show relationship.
the ussr collapsed before their eyes. the ussr possessed military power including a nuclear arsenal but nevertheless it collapsed. according to the law of allah they should collapse as well unless they pull themselves together and stand by what is just. my message to the muslim rulers in general and to the arab rulers in particular is that they should be godfearing with regard to their nation. the peoples have spoken but the rulers have closed their ears as if they cannot hear and have covered their eyes as if they cannot see.
 teaspoons fresh thyme or about heaping teaspoon ground thyme
and at the end of that i wanted to immediately run out and try more cheese with it explore more taste combinations but ill have to leave that to this weekend when hopefully ill get to visit at least one of the dublin beer and cheese events. the bull & castles tasting platter looks right up my randompairing alley. youll find eight degrees at the ballyhoura spook mountain biking halloween party on sunday while dungarvan brewing have organised a beer and cheese pub quiz in the moorings tonight. there are loads more events going on around the country. as i say check the website.
real men don’t let tears fall do they? be it as a sign of happiness or sadness?
my passion i have manyvintage fashion reading writing sewing. i tend to be very opinionated about things and either love it or hate it.
and he is angry. for all the positive coverage he receives he has also been battered in the press mostly over atlantic yards but also over the private fundraising he has done on behalf of the nonprofit run out of borough hall used to promote his brooklyn agenda and for the famous summer concert series he has hosted since he was a state senator.
in light of facts covered so far the argument that the win for novartis would adversely impact the drug supply and pricing stands dubious misleading and motivated to malign spirituances of patent system in india. in fact any generic manufacturer using imatinib mesylate other than betacrystalline
inventive step
paul mccandless oboe bass clarinet
so… not a good week as you can see.
this little card is based on dots of course and the pink is for her and the grey is for me... best to combine the both of these... hey
with that he opened the fire extinguisher
this is a most interesting science magazine article about perfect pitch otherwise known as absolute pitch the “ability to name or sing any note on demand” written by someone who himself has perfect pitch. ed douglas reports on the findings of studies that have been published in six different science journals and research scientists mentioned include daniel levitin sarah wilson elizabeth theusch analabha basu jane gitschier maria teresa moreno sala eugenia costagiomi patrick bermudez psyche loui diana deutsch luca tommasi and researchers at the riken brain science institute in japan.
 japan attacks shanghai china in 
hello and welcome to the first post of the month from willow sketchie challenge this time its me kelly hosting this weeks challenge.
. rotherham emphasized bible very literal th century translation quite useful for comparisons.
i love this time of year. summer is waning & fall is slowing rolling in bringing with it the need purchase new notebooks & pens the smell of fall leaves & a new group of uw students who are embarking on amazing international experiences. i would like to introduce you all to our fall & academic year uw study abroad bloggers
schmithals argues that paul’s critics or opponents among the galatian churches are not “orthodox” judaizers from the jerusalem leadership of james. i won’t repeat those arguments here but will go through the way of reading the first two chapters of galatians his arguments opened up to me. what follows is a mixture of schmithals and my own interpretation but i conclude with a quotation from schmithals.
mike turned on the hot water and stood picking remnant sleep from his left eye as the water heated. he always had an enormous amount of sleep on his lashes that seemed to multiply in the first minutes of being awake. today was no different and frustrated he grabbed the wash cloth again and rubbed hard at his eyes before looking back at the wispy lashes that used to be full and beautiful. after years of this ritual the lashes could no longer manage to grow at the pace in which mike destroyed them with violent wipes across his brow each day and the incessant picking that accompanied his hours in the desk chair.
i think when i feel a prompting to send a card from now on i will. i hope you will too one of the blogs i follow ends each time with "send someone some love in a card today". i think she has the right idea )
for those unfamiliar with the sierra nevada story it all began in woodland hills where the grossmans would stop by a local homebrewers kegerator for free beers. when cal got wise to them he took it upon himself to teach them to brew their own so he could drink more of his own. ken later moved to chico and opened a homebrew shop. in they started the brewery with the equipment ken had pieced together. the original kettle was bbl and later expanded to bbl. this was used for the first years until mad river purchased it (where it is still in use).
more golden than expected it carries a delicious caramel opening malt coating the mouth with smooth creamy silk. there is a textbook stamp of bitterness as one would expect with a pilsner blending with the malty caramel to leave lovely lingering herbal bitterness.
* the poet wrote a poem inspired by the photo
a poem is not an empty room
we pay s 
the spread has a little kick to it. the manchild realized it before i did before taking pictures of the sandwich i cut up a couple for my little guy. as i was in the other room i hear him clearing his throat over and over again. i thought "eh maybe hes just thirsty" and gave him his sippycup. a few minutes later i took my first bite of the sandwich... mmm.. creamy... lovely... spicy that chili powder sure went a long way pretty fast i thirsted immediately for a tall glass of milk. poor little man no wonder he was having a little trouble there...
drinking on the kinfolk’s couch
carnival cruise lines “the fun ship” will not be outdone. carnival offers shipboard or “on island” wedding packages as well as romance packages for a memorable honeymoon. like norwegian carnival’s package provides the officiant location selection music sparkling wine with keepsake champagne flutes cake with keepsake cake topper and photography service. i’ll help you coordinate your wedding with carnival’s wedding coordinator.
ok so now the tradeoff...
pasta with two sauces (marinara & kale pesto with toasted walnuts)
intentions are not static not cast in concrete. rather they change frequently just as we evolve constantly as individuals. it is okay to reevaluate your work objectives on an ongoing basis. you can and should reexamine career goals on a monthly and yearly basis.
"life is both too short and too long to be unhappy. and if youre staying in a job that makes you unhappy because of money id like to help you with that. im not a rich man but im a blessed man. youre my family and we take care of our family. this will be your inheritance anyway one day and id rather be able to see you enjoy it while im alive figure out what your next step is if its photography and you need a financial backer you know who to come ask. if you need more time let me know. honor me and accept this."
i am pleased that in poland we have more and more women that appreciate such way of dressing.
i have experienced all types of nutritional theories growing up with an italian mother and a vegetarian father. i even experimented with vegetarianism myself for a short time however ended up loosingtoo much weight (dropped to kg) and had absolutely no energy.
isnt summer great? my summer has been filled with a lot of painting and a lot of lunch dates with friends. today began with a few hours of painting then a hour lunch with a long lost friend. later this week i am joining some very special blogging buddies for lunch two i have already had the pleasure of meeting and two i look forward to meeting.
my next visit in coimbatore was at sewa nilayam…a trust dedicated towards working with orphaned girls. i was already so tired by the time i reached here and was in no mood to shoot the project. it was just like a refreshment advertisement i saw on tv…the sun had a straw attached to my head and was happily drinking or should i say draining my energy levels. but then work is work and i had no time to waste.
change the punch and the twine colors and you can get a whole new look
we lash out at ourselves
wake up and feel the heat of their own making.
‘i’d be happy with “a” universe’ mr god grumbles successfully mimicking his wife and covering his side of the kitchen with batter. ‘i think i’ve sorted the gravity bit out at least.’
the film was directed by firsttime director amy heckerling. she would later go on to direct films such as “look who’s talking“ “clueless“ and “european vacation“ among many others.
remember the optional glass cup?
a huge thanks to my lovely gang of helpers deliverers and stuffers for everything they’ve done to help with the campaign.
the type of "beans" inside the bag is a bigger bean then the old school tiny ones theres types of ways you can mold it st with the back rest or mold it with out it like a round ball or however you would like its moldable to whatever position is comfy.
he was a hypochondriac of the first order.
one of my previous hispanic coworkers used to make chicken chilaquiles for us at work. many times we ate them over scrambled eggs for a tasty breakfast. we served inhouse salsa verde so this is what he used when making them.
how to construct your dream home
(jeremiah (niv))
“more than volcanic vents have been identified in the state of california. at least of these vents have erupted some repeatedly during the last years. … sooner or later volcanoes in california will erupt again and they could have serious impacts on the health and safety of the state’s citizens as well as on its economy.” miller c. dan potential hazards from future volcanic eruptions in california u.s. geological survey bulletin p.
my son has more drama in his life
the police showed up and just looked. an employee from the hog barns just east of me showed up and looked. the landlord flew into the driveway and immediately drove to the propane tanks to shut off the flow of propane. someone handed me a cell phone it was the manager of the hog barns
so what has happened amongst staff? we are more curt with each other. we are tired. we socialise less and half of the ‘young social group’ have left. we complain about the changes to each other and build a negative feedback loop. some like me have lost our positions and only work on an adhoc casual basis. more senior staff talk about retirement approaching. new graduates are left to sink or swim in the strong current of high turnover. our manager seems to be the only thing holding the place together trapped between a department needing to make cuts the hospital executive with a list of targets a seemingly liquid planning process a staff who see the goalposts move every other week and a construction site as we expand our bed numbers.
using the hc daisy patch die i cut large middle and small daisies from double sided pattern paper. then i embossed the petals assembled the flowers added a button to the middle and tied the layers together with green hemp cord.
what do uk ‘thugs’ do? they usually fight each and maybe cause a tiny bit of criminal damage.
this is the park with the squirting turtles. i drive by this park all of the time and ive been to the park only a few times i have yet to see the squirting turtles in action. they are supposed to be a water play area but im not sure if people dont use it much or if it doesnt work. i didnt try it.
this time god wasn’t in the grapes.
hi lovelies tgif its been a long week. i go to post today and blogger has changed eeeek gonna take a bit to get used to this me thinks. anywho im feeling pretty good today ive owned the gym this week and today i gave a pair of jeans away to go to homeless people feels good to give back. if you are in australia or new zealand and want to do the same check out what its all about here basically you take your jeans to your nearest volcom storetockist and they are then passed on to homeless people throughout oz and nz you also get something in return (igot a bag & a sticker) and go in the draw to win some other fab prizes including a motorbike dot it.
conservatives such as cubanamerican sen. marco rubio rflorida see the lack of minority representation as a straightforward reflection of who’s on the ballot and whom voters chose.
and finally what were all dying to know whats it like frequently to be the only guy in the room?
divide the batter in or equal portions. add the desired colours . i use wilton gel colours you can use any food colours of your liking. just follow the rainbow theme. ( i forgot to add green colour to my rainbow).
but then again celebration may be a somewhat alien concept for the trappist order following faithfully saint benedicts prescription for a life filled with "ora et labora" prayer and work. so alien in fact that it seemed to have escaped the attention even of the essen christmas beer festival organizers who aim to offer all belgian christmas beer available.
“the next time you come home” i said “you’re going to find six pigeons stuck together on sticky paper unable to fly.”
im stickin to my guy
c. collection of premade scenes
so use your head and do what feels right. and whenever you do find a good one you’ll prefer to stick with that and continue taking surveys for them
this is the castle i referred to in my previous post ( waiting for the bus ) this is the only photo that came out good enough to post.
em is months old holy freaking crap how is that possible? i swear i just brought her home from the hospital last week... shes crawling (in her own fashion an army low crawl) and she would really like to walk now please. she still does not have a single tooth in her head. shes eating solid food like a champ (doing blw). she just gums it to death before swallowing. it amazes me how fast everything is happening.
internet millionaires don’t acquire their wealth and success by luck of the draw. they know the secrets to success. these secrets are so valuable that if you implement them you will succeed in your own internet business.
sinister surf from the shadows of gotham by the retroliners new jerseys finest surf instrumental trio. if you are a fan of nirvana los straitjackets the ventures and classic and modern surf instrumental music than you will want this.
pa okay look. nobody leaves the table until your plate is cleared.
we have the power to make someone else feel like a huge piece of...poop. and thats not right. you have to realize that everybody isnt that annoying; youre just in a bad mood and you have to stop yourself before unleashing your rage and say things that you might later regret.
how to ride my bicycle with no hands.
mr morgan said he saw the petrified boy hold his hands out in an attempt to placate one of his pursuers but martin was felled by a punch to the head.
and alas me alone.
we talk a bit after this and i realise that the previous night this woman was more drunk than i had suspected. her speech sounds a bit more reserved. she dresses fast. i give her some money. she asks for my number wants to know where i live and shit. i give her non committal answers she gets the drift and ceases and desists. but i give her my number though she crams it on the first attempt transfers it to her phone and calls me immediately. now i have the number of another beautiful woman hehehehe…
. laurie
with regard to inward baptism we may point out that we have strong ground for inferring that god has a provisional economy of grace for our little ones resulting at any rate in certain cases in their regeneration and thus in their final salvation if they die in infancy. why then should not the christian parent plead that this economy of grace may be extended to his child inasmuch as it is needed as for death so also for the perils of continued life; and why should he not prove the faith of his prayer by submitting his child to the ordinance which is the means whereby this grace of regeneration is normally received? in such a case whatever benefit may be granted through the ordinance by him who sees the faith of those who bear the helpless infant and lay him at the master’s feet that benefit must needs be provisional in its character. the condition on which the enjoyment of the new life is dependent i.e. faith in the lifegiver cannot be evaded or dispensed with; and if special adaptations of divine grace to the case of helpless infancy are not met by such a repentance as forsakes sin and such a faith as steadfastly believes the specific promise of god made in the sacrament all such benefits must needs be forfeited.
in a debate he completed dominated allison hunter who had to ask him if what she was saying was right
i find pinterest a very useful tool in my mission to procrastinate from housework as much as possible. its also a wonderful place find recipes and craft ideas. today i thought id share some of my favorite finds
it just means i take more time playing around with an outfit...and who doesnt like playing dressup
hey if it kept him from licking the shopping cart who was i to complain?
april 
if that wasnt enough grace become the first irishamerican and catholic mayor in an age where when many city residents still distrusted catholics. in fact republican opponents had claimed that grace would "make this city subordinate to the holy father in rome."
i am cool.
the matter of the rights of soldiers to express their political views has gained attention with the incident involving sergeant gary stein. stein created an armed forces tea party page on facebook back in and posted a comment on the site saying roughly ”i say screw obama. i will not follow orders given by him to me.” as might be imagined this seems to be a violation of article of the uniform code of military justice in regards to things that are “prejudicial to good order and discipline.” in reply stein said that he meant that he will not follow an illegal order which is quite another matter.
it’s been over an hour and i swear it still feels like this day is somehow happening out of time. it’s an odd odd morning.
. kashmir
jillians letter made a lump in my throat just like when i wrote about mamas dying. that scene is a favorite with readers. why? because it makes them feel an intense emotion. isnt that one reason we read?
moon looked in the direction that kelly the collie was speaking her slurpy words in.
while malema is firing on all cylinders to overturn the sentence there are serious concerns that one of the grounds of his disciplinary appeal could land the league in more trouble.
by chance i stumbled upon this site and was shocked to see almost all of my recipes copied and used without my permission. and after all why should i give my permission to use my content as theirs.
and the siren was mightily amused by the description of marlene dietrich "she baked me a fabulous viennese cake; she is a great cakemaker." according to maria riva who was deeply fond of aherne he was making a great deal more than cake with marlene. but the lady was alive and still technically married at the time the book was published and chivalrously aherne breathes not a word of their affair though he admits to wondering "how i could manage to bake miss dietrich." george sanders must have rolled his eyes over such determinedly uncommercial discretion.
wide soft slow a sofa soul that holds
when we were kids my brother had this little brown pleather rocker. it was like a mini old man chair. my parents still have it and the kids love to sit in it when they visit. emmy especially loves to sit in it with the afghan we used as kids on her lap and rock as she watches movies sometimes shirley temple movies because classics just suit the chair. well we found our own at a yard sale for $ and i knew we had to take it home for the kids. they often argue over who gets to sit on one couch so i figured it would give them another option for seating. you ready? here it is in all its retro glory
then it’s down down down as
now eleanor? angel sleeps like that’s her goal in life. i haven’t watched an infomercial in the last weeks. hopefully i can keep this up. or she can keep this up.
daniel stern ("home alone") and matt frewer ("eureka") put the cool in yule in the hallmark channel original movie battle of the bulbs. the film is about dueling neighbors whose christmas decorating rivalry turns so outrageous it puts the "no" in "noel" for the small town sponsoring the annual fete. hallmark channel is the biggest holiday destination in television.
whew... ok now ill sit down and finish this on the computer... ok... itenerary...
the dvd comes with a cd with original live music from backyard get it or forever repent
hot on the heels of the library cuts debate came to threat to cut the government subsidy to three booktrust bookgifting schemes bookstart booktime and booked up. this is spite of the fact that booktrust generates £m against the £m given to them.
but i must…
benadryl. (harper had an allergic reaction today.)
“but…” i began
not yet two years after the department of energy awarded $ million in loan guarantees for beacon powers energy storage plant government attorneys are calling the bankrupt solar company and its affiliates little more than "empty shells" benefiting lawyers and other bankruptcy professionals.
 flood
the same goes for food and beer both of which i consider to be art forms so when breweries like dogfish head continually crank out great beers that do not conform to established standards my conservative notion of "rules" is left floundering while my palate is expanded creating the desire for more of the same rulebreaking.
april 
well isnt that a mouthful for a title teachers go back to school on monday and students start the following monday. like many of you ive been spending my time getting things ready making things and setting up my room. here are some things i use in my classroom that i thought might be helpful to others.
song of the moment can’t say no by conor maynard
hard as it is for me not to want to get to know them more just knowing they exist and that there may be some mutual interest…but i am trying. i am reminded of cat stevens’ lyrics in ‘father and son’ and hear the concerned father in both him and steinbeck whispering to me “don’t rush.” trying to warn me of this electric fence.
sooooooooooooooooo...ive decided to pick a pattern and start collecting. this is my "sterling plan". i have looked at sterling sets of many place settings on ebay knowing i could not afford them.
~ henry james the portrait of a lady
it was awesome travelling with my flatmate laura (laurence) and weve met so many people seen many sights experienced many things and of course tasted all the amazing cuisine. this trip has definitely heightened my hunger to travel a whole lots more.
and just like that
*sift together
what i am saying to you is that i have the capacity—we all do; and when i say we all do i mean the mighty ones the archangels—we have the capacity to bring the fullness of our energy to many many many and yes if you wish millions—millions—of places simultaneously. it is not bilocation. it is not multilocation. it is the ability to be present fully and completely where we are called where we are required where we wish to be. because i am always connected also infinitely to the heart of one and i am always infinitely in this moment with you on the radio fully connected to you.
the only way to be on top of your checklist and keep your sanity is to add one important column to your list due dates. every party you contact will give you delivery dates. be real. many times due dates will be broken. you need to know your time frame and be persistent.
so the “point” of all these signs and flyers and websites and videos on youtube seems to be just … announcements. something akin to … “the plane is taking off on saturday. if you already have a ticket you’ll be on it. if you don’t … tough luck. no more tickets will be going on sale.” nyah nyah nyah. you’ll be destined to fry forever while they fly off to paradise. an attitude shown by the campingite in the doonesbury cartoon strip this week
we were only two on the earth
what i need from all of you are positive thoughts and prayers again. specifically because im a big fat baby and dont like getting shoved down a bright loud tube head first we have to be at the hospital at in the morning (pacific time) and the tests should take an hour or two.
the inability to prove your own nationality can be a major obstacle in realizing even the most basic of human rights. for example in many exyugoslav states all citizens of a certain age are required to hold a valid stateissued identification card which is necessary for accessing a number of social services. the application for the card requires documents that a stateless or legally invisible person is unlikely to possess such as birth certificate and proof of citizenship. without this card or other forms of identification living a normal life is difficult. in macedonia for
you ought to be ashamed i said to look so antique.
bs radio
so today weve been watching movies and reading books (we made a run to the library earlier) and treating this like any other rainy might storm yknow day.
. little caesar
long after he returned to his classroom the conversation lingered with me. i began to wonder if i was talking to a soontobereluctant reader.
and one last thing about college process visiting campuses is very important.
also there will be a free screening of the highly acclaimed voices from the shadows on th may at cineworld edinburgh (being organised by mesh). for those still in the dark about how appallingly severe this illness can be this is a welcome wakeup call. its almost impossible to imagine the hell faced by those at the most disabling end of the spectrum sufferers often young people and children who have virtually no relief day after day year after year. my heart breaks for those who are trapped in this unrelenting prison an invisible prison to many. i hope gps from all over lothian come to see this hugely important documentary. and i hope it can also be screened in glasgow. i know this film will make me weep but i shall be attending the screening all being well.
ive been working with the sf green film festival on their opening night which is less than a month away on march ive been helping find and secure entertainment for the opening night party and cant wait to share the lineup with you.
high income
as an opening episode went it set everything up nicely for smash. the characters arent particularly well defined just yet (the gay characters in tom and ellis are walking cliches and derek is nowhere near as intimidating as the show tries to imply) but theres potential and while being a broadway based show will not be enough to stop people comparing it to glee i have to admit ill be sticking with the show for the time being and with a second season already commissioned its certainly going to have enough time to really stand out. at least worth giving a glance at. not quite addictive but maybe just maybe it might be someday. oh and im linking two of the standout numbers from the first episode as well.
. organic fuji apples .b. at heb (through )
its was hard to test and we need a lot of imagepacks
let’s set them afloat on the pond she said. and they sat on the roof of their lodge and by and by the moon rose and watched too.
"my sparkling misfortune is a quick and light read that is appropriate for all ages.
thank you to ana vranes in year age years for creating this work of art.
stock ( cups vegetable or chicken)
the name (if chart) stands for initial – final chart. i originally referred to these as “momentum bar charts” but that was soon shortened by students to “bar charts” and then became confusing to them once we had energy bar charts as well later in the year. so we now call the momentum bar charts if charts and the energy bar charts lols (post coming later this year) and the confusion is gone.
or with them.
so like a true aussie woman i shall endure and soldier on
the treaty of biak na bato cut the spanish forces in baler from to men.
the deputy head of eu delegation to serbia adriano martins was also in attendance. serbia has been under major pressure to advance the human rights situation of the roma and pledged back in december to try to make citizenship more widely available at the unhcr conference of ministers. so far however they have done exactly nothing to implement the convention or improve their poorly organized birth registration laws. as it stands persons are required to present an identity to card to register the birth of their child and therefore children of legally invisible persons are rendered legally invisible themselves. since i am working on this issue right now i have some unofficial opinionated recommendations for what they should attempt do with this mou
than a lifelong oeuvre to answer the simple question
volunteers needed
firstly i present you the version . of runic enchantment now you can lock runes to be only used on weapons or armors as well as create a type of “unique” rune – as only one can be inscribed on your equipment piece.
west leads the way in oneliners and blood splatter as he perfects his new serum. the brightly colored liquid eventually brings back the one person who wants to steal both west’s drug and cain’s girlfriend.
turquoise boards with gilt titling to the spine.
i spent the day today with one of my best friends had lunch and went antiquing and poking around a boutique. we started whispering about the crafty things we saw and how we would remake them in "our style." we always do that. were cut from the same cloth. its like we can see the wheels go in each others heads. we have such big plans but its like since im a gypsy now we dont follow through with our ideas.
i fear this may be true. we have become too pampered as a nation and we have passed this horrific trait on to our children. when you are a child you do not realize that your academic career is incredibly short. you also do not realize that it is an opportunity. an opportunity not to be passed up.
and though i have a feeling it will feel very dated andr convoluted in terms of narrative good dance never goes out of style and not having seen it since i was maybe or im really in the mood for this mids mikhail baryshnikov gregory hines vehicle. this baby clocks in at over two hours so my main concern more dance less kgbimpregnated plot.
sunday night i thought it would be fun to make fried rice. i have tried this once in the past and totally screwed it up...so i wanted to give it another shot. it actually turned out really yummy and ill definitely be making this again sometime. its a great fast and lowcost meal for a weeknight and i love that.
castin out a line to the darkness
youd expect to get beansprouts a wedge of lime some chopped chilli and as a minimum a good handful of coriander and mint. there are several other herby possibilities (sawtooth herb is my favourite) but ive never seen anything other than mint and coriander offered outside london. pho offered up one measly sprig of coriander. to be fair i didnt ask for extra maybe the good folk of sheffield dont want their tea tainting with unnecessary greenery so they dont bother. next time ill ask but more herbs really should be the norm.
its market share in china rose . percentage points year on year to percent during the reporting quarter the company said. “it is also doing pretty well in certain mature markets. the united states for example has gained market share as some …
“not that anything would happen just doesn’t look good…” i explained.
this past week ive struggled with these thoughts and other inner struggles. and frankly im tired. strike that im exhausted. ive run out of steam to the point where i just want to come home and cry. not only am i fighting with myself but physically i am tired from ish hours a day of work.
i received my tablet just before blogher which was perfect timing because the wifi network at a womens blogging conference especially one with highly connected women tends to be a bit sluggish. no worries for me. i was able to create my own wifi hotspot and zip around online as needed.
that’s what i said on that blog (with slight modifications) but much more can be said….
the year old that raped the year old girl in the back seat of the car says “f’ing bitch you are such a &^%$ tease” as if she did this to him.
so what is the head of delegation responsible for?
the awareness required by internalism is either strong awareness or weak awareness.
then over this past weekend ars technica ran a story about how best to celebrate world whiskey day including what to watch and what book to read. theres the suggestion that readers follow my twitter and blog ramblings "rowley leads a dream life. the man is paid to travel eat and drink and then write about it for some of the biggest names in the field."
just what is the grassy knoll institutes lost theory….said in my best john wayne voice now wait a minute pilgrim…
meanwhile limewire’s parent company lime group is prepping a new music service that it says will be legal and should be due out in a month.
the following paragraphs begin with the full text of the reviewers’ comments and then continue into my responses. i have proofread the text of the reviewers’ comments shown below. as far as i can tell all typographical and other errors in the reviewers’ remarks as shown here were in the originals that i received from the journals.
ticklish on his thighs
maybe photoshop is overrated.
i have no ground as everywhere is paved so apart from a square foot raised brick bed i had made on a concrete slab everything else i have to grow in pots. and i move the pots around if i think the plants will be happier with more less shade cover etc. i painted the concrete floor walls and planter box with a special white paint that reflects the heat – it is manufactured in ipoh and they deliver. this means i can walk on the floor and not burn my feet the plants are cooler and the house is cooler.
marijuana possession policies.
photos that i email to friends.
and many a fairy foreland set
the two officers who were shot at the scene of the traffic stop were identified as sgt. mark dunakin who was killed and officer john hege . on sunday an oakland police spokesman said that mr. hege had been pronounced brain dead but was still on life support pending a decision about organ donation the associated press reported. (earlier on sunday the spokesman had said that mr. hege had died but he backed off that statement three hours later.)
“i’ll get by”
enoch powell refined his views in a speech to the southall chamber of commerce on th november “yet it is more truly when he looks into the eyes of asia that the englishman comes face to face with those who will dispute with him possession of his native land.”
so the jews related to paul in the same scientific way. they knew that jesus of nazareth lived and that he was but a man. they knew that he had followers but it was no more than any number of sects that came and went. they knew that he taught but so did many other religious leaders of the day.
what occupation are you talking about? gaza is not occupied by anything other than hamas the governmenterrorist organization that the people of gaza duly elected. the fact is we are being bombed by gaza. the only jew that has been in gaza in the last years is gilad shalit (other than cast lead of course the logical response to having over rockets fired at us in a single month (about the number they fired at us in a single day this week).
in the space between thoughts there is a stillness a cherished space where nothing can touch the untouchable. a space of pure being the natural state.
stand amazed. jesus never asks you to give up the worthless prizes of the world without offering to you the priceless worth of heaven in their place.
bob crosby and his bobcatsin a minor mood
ive been wanting to go to the aquarium for such a long time. i just havent had the chance to go or others have been too busy to join me. so i decided to make it part of my birthday month celebrations
for a lighter application use a soft brush to apply the powder or if you prefer a heavy coverage then use the sponge provided but remember to change the sponge regularly to prevent the oils from your skin transferring to the product and sealing it.
addy jumped into the hot tub as i headed for the backdoor. i turned the knob. it didn’t turn. the door was locked. “it’s still ” i yelped at the intractable door. i wasn’t ready to face my new resolution yet but what choice did i have. plus i had an impressionable witness.
single white female – another one i have seen the character ‘hedy’ (ellen) has been cited as an example of borderline personality disorder in ‘robinson dj. reel psychiatrymovie portrayals of psychiatric conditions. port huron michigan rapid psychler press. p. . isbn .’ . she suffers from a markedly disturbed sense of identity and tries to remedy it by adopting wholesale the attributes of her roommate. it is implied that she feels a deepseated emptiness while her fear of abandonment leads to drastic measures. but yet again the character goes above and beyond what is classified as a bpd diagnosis to the point of being so violent manipulative and ultimately murderous not good.
but sometimes books and films substitute real emotion for sentimentality. they sell their characters and their readers short. they fall into the parent trap.
tomatochopped
often the preferred term for a person from — or whose ancestors were from — a spanishspeaking land or culture or from latin america. latina is the feminine form. follow the person’s preference. use a more specific identification when possible such as cuban puerto rican brazilian or mexicanamerican. see hispanic nationalities and races and race entries.
off the top of my head ted kennedy’s legacy consists of
director larry charles
i personally feel the second part of that question is the easier to answer if you’ve got your message down a good editor will make your words the best they can be.
once youve got your sheets ready adhere them to the tile with mod podge and continue coating until youve got them sealed to your liking.
silken shroud encompasses those cold limbs.
. draw (and correctly fully label) the three story structures harrower talks about in chapter .
on the plus side the ridiculously cute dog loves me the most because i freed her from the holly bush when she got alllllll tangled up in that last night and the neighbor was giving us the sideeye for i dunno making the dog sit in a bush? come on dude. the dog smelled something good and went into the greenery and came back out having wrapped the leash alllll up in the branches and she isn’t too bright sooooo i had to wrap a blanket around myself and go free her. we aren’t being mean to the dog. she just cannot find her way out of a paper bag.
it might amuse you my dear readers to know that i had to take a full blown psychological assessment for reasons that will hopefully become more apparent in the near future when i am a little freer to discuss the reasons for same. in the meantime i thought you might find parts of one of the assessment exercises interesting. i was asked to do a sentence completion exercise. i have no idea what insight this exercise gave them into my psyche but apparently it didnt trip any major alarms.
is anyone here surprised? i’m not.
i’ve started another one of my ‘home’ projects attempting to chart some trends in awards winners for genre fiction. so far i’m only about a quarter of the way through. you have no idea how much screen scraping is involved.
this from a guy who moved jobs overseas (and is the gotoguy on jobs for obama.)
as i walked in the door there was a notice board with information on a few new events and activities happening at the library over the next few weeks. one of these was a jewellery making course – perfect fun creative and different exactly the kind of thing i had been looking for and best of all enrolment was taking place that very day. of course i had to find out more…
we are open every sunday from . so plan to join us for a fun afternoon. we have beautiful sock yarn to choose from and if you need needles we have those too
and so your soul
american readers especially will note that the very middle or central portion of what today is the national maritime museum in greenwich park is in fact the blueprint design for the white house in washington.
what kind of reader would this story most appeal to and why?
lenos tastes are more presidential "it would be better with sausage and pepperoni" he quipped after taking a bite.
hi blogging pals ) still no christmas cards im soooooo late its unreal .... lol (")
i took a few pictures not nearly enough the show was a very large show with wonderful quilts and lots of venders. the venders were really a lot of fun to see and feel all the goodies
one of the things i want in there is a bust of sir isaac newton which i picked up in england in may. its a mm tall solid heavy white metal piece sold unfinished by phoenix miniatures
bless you my friend. may the lord bless you and keep you. may he make his face shine upon you be gracious to you and give you peace.
the most recent event of sufficient interest to warrant billmons comment was how eric cantors responded to violent acts and threats against democrats by saying well who knows what the hell he said it was complete gibberish.
lost in the mouths of lilied frogs
so i have this plan which i hesitate to share because im afraid that the minute i share it i will run out of ideas. many of you have shared that it feels incredibly overwhelming to tackle a whole house and that you would prefer to tackle one room or even drawer at a time. i shared here tips that will help you maintain a tidy house on a weekly basis.
i have no idea what’s going on with me – i never lose anything
residents of kansas runs as wide as the liberty kansas genealogy of fountains. one of the casinos offer live poker rooms where you can see the liberty kansas genealogy and blues music over the liberty kansas genealogy a website where visitors can enjoy dining at the liberty kansas genealogy and is considered a good area to search for nuclear construction projects. in fact many companies in this kind of climate worth moving into the liberty kansas genealogy of kansas. in addition students in the liberty kansas genealogy in the liberty kansas genealogy but may get uncomfortable in the liberty kansas genealogy. most of kansas a through taste of kansas is considered a good one. breaking kids into likeminded groups will help foster unity among the liberty kansas genealogy in the liberty kansas genealogy for rent in kansas city skyline.
i dont think its necessary to try to do the most possible. i think society needs to learn to be content with enough. our kids have never been without food or shelter or access to medicine and neither have i. were already more privileged... than much of the worlds population. why do westerners need sooo much in order to be happy? and even though we have sooo much so many of us are unhappy anyway.
then blackness engulfs me. the night sky waves and i swoop towards it my mind at peace.
. get one edge and fold it towards the center.
yes eggs are an awesome staple to start your day. but say youre looking for something a little more fancypants. indulgent without being indulgent you know what i mean? enter the custard. i love making custard as a nightbefore project that has my breakfast readytoeat no cooking the next morning
 discussion
libraries are awesome. any given library anywhere will always have a comprehensive collection of books on satanic practices for your perusal.
“…calls to mind the youthful focus of robert heinlein’s early military sf as well as the excitement of space opera epitomized by the many star wars novels. fastpaced military action and a youthful protagonist make this a good choice for both young adult and adult fans of space wars.” library journal
they dont know evil or jealousy or discontent.
my dad took apart a brand new oven.
this same song was a release by the byrds too. that was before my time but some messages are immortal. ha an immortal message sung by mortal coil.
cue a terrible allergy attack and i took two more benadryl. eventually i fell asleep and when i woke the next morning i felt incredibly hung over from the allergy medication. i felt like death was on my doorstep. i felt awful. and sad. but i wasn’t sure why.
or you could suddenly forget
the tió log comes knocking at your house on dec. th – the day of the immaculate conception. he comes in you give him a good spot in your living room and you cover him with a blanket to keep him warm. tió watches and takes note. and each night the kids feed him some sweet wine frutos secos (dried fruits) nuts and a mandarin orange. (fyi mandarins are just as popular here as in canada at this time of year.)
“while american corporate media has focused on yet another stale election between wall streetfinanced candidates occupy has been organising something extraordinary the first truly nationwide general strike in us history” the ows movement said on its website occupywallst.org.
for the card i cased a design from an old stampin up catalogue. i used the design as a basic template and then added the dsp ribbon and stamps i used on the tin. i told you i dont throw anything out and for good reason there are so many fab designs to recreate
there is something profound about our job. junk removal. on the surface it is what it is. we go to people’s homes mostly and we get rid of their unwanted stuff. old couches reffridgerators tv sets bathtubs yard waste washers dryers cardboard boxes desks wardrobes clothes; the list goes on and on. think of something you have at your house we have probably thrown it away.
immediately he realizes the folly of his ways. he makes a ﬁnal wish and the fairy returns him to his true self; a stonecutter poor but now empowered after his great journey and content in the knowledge of his own worth.
except the chickens wouldn’t use the door.
when considering how our bodies deleuze connects psychoanalysis interpretations of behavior and how they are used in such a way to be repressive. one of the ways in which deleuze discusses desire is through sexuality or what is considered a sexual deviance such as masochism. to deleuze the psychoanalytic interpretation of masochism is flawed. what it describes is only as a bizarre way in which to achieve pleasure. a way in which pain wards off anxiety and reaches a climax or a way in which there is simply a goal and certain selfprescribed means to reach that goal. this viewpoint for deleuze is a large oversight to the real purpose of masochism as a behavior to sustain the journey toward pleasure. it is the desire itself that the masochist finds fulfilling rather than an end goal or conclusion of that desire. he sums up this idea by saying “the masochist’s suffering is the price he must pay not to achieve pleasure but to untie the pseudobond between desire and pleasure as an extrinsic measure. (deleuze and guatarri p.)” pleasure must be delayed as long as possible because receiving it only “interrupts the continuous process of positive desire. (deleuze and guattari p.). in this sense pleasure is attributed as the end point of desire and so prolonging its arrival achieves immanence of desire or what deleuze calls the plane of consistency specific to desire (deleuze and guattari p.).
well ill be writing again before too long. were going on a quick trip to la at the end of may well be able to see the los angeles county museum of arts modernism show before it leaves and were going on a tour of the stahl house (case study house ) you know the one my dream house 
paul engemann face to face
my love of classic soul and genuine r&b grooves just hasnt been reflected in this here blog of late so there i was the other day blasting william devaughns wonderful be thankful for what youve got (a hit in ) so all the neighbours could enjoy it as well and i knew id be bunging this one up pretty soon. then i remembered massive attacks version from their first album blue lines () and wanted to throw that one at you. in the end you have a choice. choose both. beautiful. enjoy.
those manys
my favourite amberisms include
ms brooks or mr coulson or son james (or any one of a dozen people really) being found in mr mulcaire’s haul having done some hacking wouldn’t be good for murdoch’s bskyb bid approval; and yet what the met finds is somebody hacking the editor’s phone. it’s a rum old world.
her eyes met
an exped dry bag
i take risks because i realize that if i push myself to take them the rewards will speak for themselves. it may not always be safe but there is a certain joy in that uneasiness which is plain addicting.
let me end this piece by saying my heartfelt thanks to the staffers of ronan veterinary clinic in commonwealth avenue. i know they did their best to prolong my cat’s life. being able to express my grief via facebook also helped me come to terms with her death. i really appreciate fellow animalloving friends who took the time to send me messages of condolences. thank you so much.
luckily i didn’t need to worry so much – kahaani is a brilliant rollercoaster ride of a film which grabs the viewer from the outset and takes its time to unfold with plenty of surprises to be had. what i really liked was how kahaani managed to multitask so effortlessly – characterisation relevant subplots (that did not distract nor slow down the momentum of the film) as well as presenting kolkota in a way that befitted the film but also felt very realistic. i also loved how every loose end was neatly tied up as well as the way the story is set up for repeat viewings – with careful layering there is clearly more than meets the eye and an interesting subtext hidden inside kahaani.
“we currently have eight xian jh fighterbombers and two shannxi y transports at our disposal” watanabe outlined his squadron’s capabilities.
release date september 
if you haven’t seen it yet please have a read of my “here comes the sun” post. it will definitely make you smile .
for example you’d have two people talking and randomly it’d be like “said character turned to look at the couple having sex”. it had an undertone to it like i was watching a porn from a distance in a way. if that was the point good job if not i’m not sure why it was there.
as you can imagine we didnt embrace each other with longlost friendship gone just made sure that we didnt nudge each other on the armrest thus invoking any kind of acknowledgement. perhaps i should find this behaviour odd in retrospect we had enjoyed a dalliance on the sofa once. well i say enjoyed hed found me in his front room on the pullout sofa bed woozy from sleep and the steaming hangover that you can only get from a night on the tiles with my friend and decided to stick his hand down my boxers and have a fiddle about. by the time im opening my eyes hes opening his bath robe; my thought process was pretty much ah well. itll get rid of the morning horn before i get to work... and the next thing i know hes mopping up using the sleeve of his robe the premature and classy cow. i wonder at this point are heterosexuals like this in general? in regards to the stigma of sex i mean heres someone who id had what some would consider passion (what other would consider a fiddle and a diddle) and were not even acting like friends. or even passing friends. i know girls who can count their partners on one hand yet most the wendy men i know have had more pricks than helen keller during her stint in an inoculations clinic. are we all just whores through circumstance?
aside from dwayne howe also pays attention to his motherinlaw kay. selfsacrificing ambitious and impatient kay and howe have a particularly prickly and heated relationship. despite her short temper and manipulation howe writes her with affection and admiration. he spends a lot of time with kay and though the two don’t ever share a “moment” it’s a great interplay between two generations with markedly different perspectives – the struggling immigrant versus the indulged wasp.
hope everyone is having a beautiful summer and there has been some letup in the heat. we are finally enjoying some consistent sun here in the pacific northwest and its amazing how quickly i forgot about the rainy cool weather wed been having. gorgeous blue skies and temperatures in the mid s are our reward for months of rain and gray skies and cold temperatures. it was worth waiting for
. walk away renee
the tutorial was a whopping mb in size and i have been paring it down by reshooting some of the photos at a lower resolution. i also had to delete the gallery of finished pieces which is a bummer because i know all of you look forward to those at the end of the tuts.
the end result a collection of breathtaking “‘nuff said” issues it’s almost as if mr. jemas and mr. quesada knew in advance that their highpressure challenge would compel the creators in question to produce these comicbook gems. but that couldn’t have happened…could it?
roger and his brother randy left their parent’s house without roger’s latest lay. as they were sitting at the gas station filling up his babe mobile with gas they quickly spotted two teenage girls parked at the other gas pump. marianna a tall thin blond in skintight blue jeans was pumping gas into her beatup gto. her friend isabel who was rather backward and not the leggy beauty marianna was was sitting in the car listening to the radio. not blind to the eye of the men isabel watched as marianna was approached by the stranger. “what are you ladies up to tonight?” he asked. “we’re celebrating my early graduation from high school” marianna bea cochran responded. isabel quickly turned down the music when marianna started talking to roger.
racing against time and hunted by rogue soldiers mad scientists and an organisation that operates beyond the law ryan digs deep into his past for a chance at a future.
a country girl myself (yes the small town im from only had one grocery store and plenty of cows and horses around) i love how tracy has taken country style from kitschy to absolutely chic blending modern and contemporary elements. this sitting area has a beautiful blend of rustic furniture and modern accessories like the donna wilson pillows on the chairs.
i am very sad to be saying goodbye to the man who has become my favourite doctor patrick troughton fortunately i happen to know he might just drop back one or three more times in the future. its like when zoe asked if theyd ever meet again "now you and i know that time is relative isnt it?" said the doctor with a wink in his eye.
so what has happened in the intervening years? how did i turn from a teenager who could lap that up to an adult who couldnt keep her eyes on the page? but forget me what about you? im guessing im not the only reader whose reading habits have changed. and it cant be to do with age because surely a teenager would have if anything a greater need for pace than a middleaged person? are we just too busy nowadays to read slowly? have we been subconsciously demanding faster books simpler sentences over the last thirty years so that now pageturnability is compulsory whereas before (?) it wasnt? has our definition of pageturnability changed?
photosideo to follow.
who said i had a life?
what musicoviesooks have got you all hot and bothered lately?
sense
challenger hops and a touch of roasted barley give soft but robust bitterness which mellows and bucket loads of gorgeous kentish goldings hops are used for aroma after the boil which gives a classically british fresh subtle yet slightly spiced floral aroma.
ever since my love deployed i have been staying very busy
thanks for the post from carmen ferrell
i hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean.
we had a foot cinemascope screen and it looked great when we ran films like "lawrence of arabia" "its a mad mad mad mad world" and the fox films. unfortunately we werent equipped with stereo or mm which came later after i had left when the theatre was twinned. we screened "goldfinger" for five weeks and i remember we had a new screen during that time as the old one was thick with cigarette nicotine. i also had my first and only film rip on that one. it was quite an experience as it played to packed houses for days. i would often go downstairs to the back of the circle on my break to hear the enormous crowd reaction. audiences in large numbers knew back then how to behave and enjoy a film together. the head projectionists office had a glassless porthole so you could hear crowd reaction quite something to behold when you had a full house with plus people
rakofsky’s problems could have probably been avoided had he made it clear where he is most of the the time and where he receives his mail. which he was supposed to do.
unparenting also takes the form of parents failing to provide their children with information or guidance regarding what is appropriate in a given situation. the child is happily running in circles through a room for several minutes and then the parent yells at them and tells them to sit down and be quiet or leave the room. the child reaches for the last cookie on the platter only to have her hand slapped or the plate jerked out of reach. the child goes on an outing and doesnt have appropriate shoes or a jacket and gets scolded for not being prepared. what ever the situation the child has been innocently doing something happily engaged or oblivious to something that others are aware of and out of the blue they find themselves being yelled at punished scolded or shamed. many times the parent was absorbed in some other activity or conversation and was ignoring their child up until the moment they noticed the childs behavior. they then notice that the child is "misbehaving" and in an instant the parents negative attention is focused upon the child. to the child this can be scary confusing or just plain unfair.
my garden….sigh. you don’t even know.
please keep my gf and her family in your thoughts and prayers. thanks so much for visiting ~ hope you have a wonderful day be sweet )
and fix’d his eye on the darker speck.
guthrie omg the supreme court is going
this morning we got up early to attend the hotels welcome buffet breakfast and presentation. i didn’t read the card correctly – they don’t do it on sundays. oops
if you had to do it over again would you choose law enforcement as a career?
operation bluestar alienated the sikh population. on october prime minister indira gandhi’s sikh bodyguards assassinated her in retaliation for the desecration of the golden temple. this assassination resulted in the gang raping of women in front of their families the burning alive of sikh men and children and the looting and burning of sikh property in new delhi and other cities across india. you did not have to support the sikh insurgency movement to be targeted; merely being a sikh would have got you killed. as a result of the destruction sikhs were left homeless. several eyewitnesses and relief workers identified political party leaders and police officials as instructing the mobs into violence against the sikhs (kaur ). to this day the government has not charged a single political or police official for their role in the violence (kaur ).
after i put it together like they said i garnished it a bit. with frosting in a spray can. how cool is that.
the examination resulted in the refusal on the part of the bishop to institute mr. gorham. on the ground of the unsoundness of the doctrines enunciated by him.
resonates the seraphs’ singing.
"it is thursday for alice" said frances. "alice will not have hrnd and she will not have gkls. but we are singing together."
date at a.m.
all of the ipads for missions and have been delivered we have some iposts to get written and we will. its been a bit of a slow start to getting mission s rocket off the launching pad but if you have seen my mri or the photo of heathers toe on facebook well...i think you will understand that we both (and i am smiling as i type this) are still committed to this we are just making sure we pace ourselves know what i mean?
with dirty strips of brownish black hair stuck between the cracks
our love would be the light that engulfs us capturing the moment that will soon pass.
he played many different instruments from the clarinet to the guitar the cither to the flute.
the shop in the background was inundated.
and then every once in a while there are shows like the good wife. shows like rich melted chocolate an instant indulgence that somehow imparts pleasure without feeling cheap.
nellie
really and truly are the best i thank you all for
liquid fat (e.g. bacon fat melted butteroconut oil olive oil)
. not buy friendship. maybe i’ll treat some of them to beerallyou can binges or thai dinner buffets in honor of my unbelievable luck but i promise i won’t one day bitch about it should the same silly luck befall them and they refuse to do the same or if they refuse to treat me like royalty after i shower them with my tremendous riches. i will of course act like a king (or queen) after i win the lotto as is my right but only in private.
ok im far removed from the local news but i have an interest in what happened. i have friends who are affected and more importantly their dear beloved children are affected its not a small matter at all that a school leader decided to end his own life. im sorry for your loss carrie but it is completely wrong (imnsho) to say that the details of his death are not news and should be kept private. in fact every suicide should be a call to battle for all those who care for humankind. its a loss most tragic and often avoidable.
we decided to hop back on the old savannah trolley and use our hop off option to do some sightseeing. we could see city hall from our hotel it had recently been regilded and it was super bright and shiny
smithwicks brewery irish ale breweries ltd kilkenny irish cream ale
his remarks yesterday about how astro butchered a newscast by bbc world news conveniently misses the whole point of why the bbc protested. it was about how astro using the excuse of meeting malaysian government “content guidelines” had violated the editorial integrity of the newscast on the bersih mass rally in kuala lumpur on saturday.
lib dem votes (%)
my children have treated palestinians my son was at a check point for many many months. not once did a palestinian woman die in labor; on the contrary when she approached she was rushed through. you shame yourself with your baseless lies and insinuations. worse youve fallen for the propaganda nonsense again. sure women have given birth at the check points usually assisted by army medics and soldiers but i have a friend who gave birth in an elevator is the army to blame for that too? one ended up giving birth at home do we blame soldiers there?
there are a few fun things that fun follow fridays does each week
the valkyrie readied for war.
 teas lemon juice cups blueberries
study claimed in that sea levels would rise by up to cm by the end of century – but the report’s author now says true estimate is still unknown.
david farrar takes the stand.
mels backyard
. to dress richly; deck.
this morning my fiancé and i watched an episode of kitchen nightmares and as i watched some of these people who clearly knew they needed help (otherwise why did they try to be on the show?) refuse to see the problems gordon ramsey pointed out to them i thought this reminds me of something. what was that something? revisions.
so let me start out by saying this book probably had one of the craziest and most ambitious plot premises ive ever read. it was absolutely mindblowing to think of what it would be like to be cyrogenically frozen for a couple hundred years in a space ship zooming through space only to be woken up early knowing that youll never see earth again and that you may not even make it off that ship alive. i meanthats just totally insane right?
from the left?
if you already have a nook or dont want one it would make a great birthday gift or you could donate it to another giveaway please go check it out on their blog this is such a worthy cause and victoria really needs to come home
all of the aforementioned madness coupled with modern cellphone tecnology capability to summon flashmobs via mass instant messaging . . . yub gonna be a long hot political summer coming up . . .
we began saving and then after christmas (with a decent amount saved but no where near enough to complete her room ) milly was watching tv one day and fell in love with the style of the bedroom of one of the characters in the programme.she found the scene on bbci showing the room and printed it out for me to see.the furniture was an eclectic mix(very emily) of very old fashioned painted pieces and i suggested that a good way to do that would be to go to impact and buy used furniture to recycle and paint.
 hours later we are both more hurt and upset and i still dont know what i did wrong.
cynicism aside theres a real problem here if my sample of two is representative. its for this reason that im kicking it to the women of franklin avenue (not least because much to my surprise the ths community affairs officer claims to read local blogs including nostrand park and ilfa) do police officers on franklin ever harass you? im hoping the anonymity afforded by the comment thread will allow people to speak their mind on this because with harassment by noncops already a problem on franklin the last thing we need is for the police to be part of the problem.
if not souls and places
elevation ft
when i begin to get immersed in a creating a book whether by writing or simply by working it out in my mind i look twice at everything that comes my way wondering if it is a gift from the muses.
is but a dream within a dream.
congratulations to the winner of susan may warrens baroness marta please email your address to christen (ckrumm@litfusegroup.com)
and guilt that i didnt make it beyond
we gathered our supplies and began.
personally i can think of a lot of other examples of being a "real man" (most of them involve doing work around the house without complaint or the expectation of a reward) but they just arent as funny as the above sentiment which was a freebie from create with tlc. digi is bert bumblethorpe (perfect name eh?) from just inklined.
yaaawwwwnnn. wake me up when it’s over. granted any episode that has louis canning (michael j. fox) and patti nyhom (martha plimpton) joining forces to being our favorite firm to its knees has some carat tension.
“fine fine” proclaimed arik.
there has always been timber in my parents house. solid timber dining tables coffee tables australian timber bookshelves hardwood timber floors custom designed tv cabinetry and a .tonne timber sideboard (ok maybe not that heavy).
the words of agony cut me down deep
picking a toolbox. all of the basic tools you should have in your toolbox.
serve over fettucine noodles topped with grilled chicken or sauteed shrimp.
the fact that the air conditions in the major cities of the world today are not healthy. and our body is starting poisoned by this polluted air. even the food we eat today was sometimes unhealthy. for that we need antioxidants to prevent deterioration of our body health. much fruit does contain antioxidants but according to the study of pomegranate was the one who is the best antioxidant.
john bare witness of him and cried saying this was he of whom i spake he that cometh after me is preferred before me for he was before me. and of his fulness have all we received and grace for grace. for the law was given by moses but grace and truth came by jesus christ. no man hath seen god at any time; the only begotten son which is in the bosom of the father he hath declared him.
but i might also remember something else.
winners of icelands national battle of the bands in this hot and fastmoving fivepiece are spitting in the face of every journo thats ever described icelandic music as "glacial".
one of the best westerns of all time is lonesome dove the tv miniseries based upon the pulitzer prizewinning novel by larry mcmurty. it is the story of august mccrae and woodrow call old texas rangers and and new cattleman who decide to make a cattle drive from lonesome dove texas to the montana territory. of course they have all kinds of adventures along the way. but not long after reaching montana mccrae is wounded in leg by indian arrow; he loses one leg to gangrene and needs the other amputated to save his life. he refuses. in the scene below the dying mccrae asks his friend woodrow call for one last favor.
meanwhile in a separate case filed by malaysian ngo suaram in paris against dcn to compel it to return any illegal commissions paid to malaysian officials including najib for the purpose of securing the deal the noose is already closing on the culprits. an investigative judge will be appointed soon and open court hearings will begin. the information revealed during the course of the trial will surely embarrass najib and his advisers are already going all out to damage control the bad press once the paris trial begins.
tomorrow october th the utah pride center will be hosting a workshop from the trevor project lifeguard program | suicide prevention. the trevor project is "a nonprofit endeavor established to promote acceptance of lesbian gay bisexual transgender and questioning (lgbtq) youth and to aid in suicide prevention among that group."
he raised his highball glass as if toasting the man then took a bite out of it.
the manning report at www.atlah.org
let’s face it south africa has become a hell hole for white people the constitution bare no relevance when your skin is white. by daring to utter this statement i will be labelled a racist. if only the world could wakeup to the lies and open their eyes. we are alone
how long would consolidation take? specifics haven’t been released but hultin told the students “poly will serve as the engineeringechnology school arm of nyu the start. the entire process of becoming a formal school can take years depending on many factors.”
leave off things like snakes and bugs and unlikely events like the water supply being poisoned by the loon living on the corner. we’re trying to get at underlying currents here not the superficial stuff that we worry over consciously. these are often things that our ugly mirrors are doing loudly so it makes us really uncomfortable. look at your mirrors look at the people you draw to yourself. write write write and maybe color take a nap cry and write some more.
thanks to everyone who visits my postcard challenge i hope you enjoy reading of turkey as much as i have.i always read and appreciate your comments. i again look forward to our next destination where no doubt i will learn even more of another country. i continue to enjoy visiting you all but im sorry if i dont leave a comment mostly it is because i cant cope with the verification which thinks im a robot.
today emerson had her very first manicure and pedicure) she is a flower girl tomorrow in a wedding and so of course we had to get our nails done) she did amazing such a big girl and she loved it her nails are purple with sprinkles on it (her words).
and gulp coldthroated rain
kevin crossleyholland is a poet a librettist and translator from anglosaxon a reteller of myth legend and folktale as well as a novelist. he won the carnegie medal for storm and his beowulf with charles keeping is a contemporary classic. he is author of the penguin book of norse myths and of british folk tales. his arthur trilogy has been translated into languages and the first volume the seeing stone won the guardian children’s fiction award a smarties prize and the tir na nog award as well as being shortlisted for the whitbread children’s book of the year. he recently published his memoir of childhood the hidden roads.
there is a big huge world out there and i hope to see a great lot of it in my lifetime but for now im content to know london.
for this reason since well before the midtwentieth century there has been an almost allencompassing tendency to completely dismiss the various incarnations of uncle tom completely. this is rather unfortunate if for no other reason than that the story was the single most recognizable landmark on the american cultural landscape for the better part of a century. the book was the bestselling novel of its time (sold copies the first year of its release ) and the various plays and movies were even more popular than that reaching millions more people. the characters and many incidents from the book became household bywords and references to the likes of topsy eva st. clare eliza and simon legree in the late th century and early th century are as common as references to the bible and shakespeare. this is true even as late as the musical the king and i (though if that’s the only place you know it from i will be only too happy to flog you legreestyle with a bullwhip).
so ive been busy trying to get some more things on my etsy shop.. i havent had anything new since christmas and i think it is about time i get my butt in gear and start working on it again...
what are the biggest mistakes people make when heading to their local goodwill?
to find further evidence of the durham electorates racial loyalty one need look no further than the fact that even after a disgraced nifong had been forced to stand down and the accused players officially exonerated the people of durham went on to elect tracey cline nifongs black assistant da to replace him despite her own questionable involvement in the same prosecution.
"they never tell me anything."
i wondering why am i here to find you
on the oneyear anniversary of my dad’s death – the day i had decided that our “year from hell” would end – i found myself in the intensive care unit of the ucla medical center with an inert person the leukemia sufferer who could have died in my arms and it would not have surprised me one bit.
its a writemotivation month again so every monday ill be blogging about how things are coming with meeting my goals for the month.
and yesterday joel put them into the ground. he chose a bed between two hoophouses as it is a little more sheltered there and our spring is continuing to be cold and wet.
so if you want to get up close and personal with many of the ukrainian leading companies as well as the leading foreign companies already in ukraine plus get the chance to listen to both ukrainian and foreign political and business leaders active here go along to the ukrainian investment summit and see what it’s all about.
the batcave once housed a massive squatter community on the banks of the gowanus canal. situated inside a longabandoned power plant the squat was allegedly organized around a "communal way of life" with a "bike shop" and "rules about hard drugs and detrimental illegal activity." by however the ny daily news reported that the community had devolved into "a decadent drug culture consumed with vicious fighting" including "mainlined heroin" and "a homeless man... thrown from a window." in response to this lurid article the building owners evicted the batcave squatters and then "sealed the place off and posted a guard" according to curbed.
i say "revised" because id almost finished the first sock in just the greenish stuff when i realised i had enough wool for about % of the second sock. cue ripping and striping. the notebook is because i am not good at the unknown and so to stave off anxiety in amsterdam have been carefully planning my trip. i remain flexible but at the same time i know exactly how to get from the station to my hotel and where i want to visit in each part of the city.
all. because it is a book that i knew so well as a child it was brilliant to reread as an adult and parts of it made me smile as i read them because sentences and phrases came back to me and i could see myself aged about seven during the phase where i used to keep books in the end of my bed underneath my soft toys because i couldn’t bear to be parted from them reading the same paragraphs by torchlight way after the lights should have been out. this is
its a technique employed in the greatest of sour wild beers gueuze. a practice used by brewers of flemish brown ale fans of black & tan hipsters in scotland and denmark (the superlative i hardcore you) and of course our friends and current inspirations across the pond.
stephenie meyer becca fitzpatrick lauren kate gather around and listen in approximately pages laini taylor has managed to write a better story and a more developed character than some other ya authors have in their entire series. this is a great feat. kizzy is interesting different and intriguing and has always been on the sidelines and has wanted that extra something in her life. this was the shortest of the three but kizzys story will have you laughing and doing double takes the entire time. its not as dark and gritty as the others but the goblins and their fruit are fascinating and is aplenty in so few pages.
lesson learn people world domination is not an easy job its a dedication the story is simple win your harem a heug harem at that and dominate the world cause your “imouto”legal wife” says so. well ejoy this pleasingly hard game least its not as hard as “that certain space game” hahahaha. the cgs well its oyari doing all the coloring from the various artist contributed sp yeah expect the consistency but for kenshin she still uses the same render from rance so yeah. enjoy your dedication
the th floor’s main tenant is a company called union alpha the hong kong arm of an accounting firm that provides “professional services to meet clients’ daily business needs both in hong kong greater china and globally” including auditing and assurance services management consulting accountancy and other services according to the firm’s website.
however not only are our workers competing against cut price workers our economies are competing against cut price economies and we can’t survive unless we start treating our populations in the same way that the “successful” nations like brazil and india treat the poor wretches in their slums and sweatshops.
"give your eyes a rest do your ears a favor listen to the walking entertainment center"
 minute – kickoff. and it’s go go go (murray walker joke there shame he’s dead.)
get a tan
my analysis
there really should be some kind of manual for all this shit. not that wed actually read the thing i know. but anything would help. hindsight is helpful and everything but foresight would be even better dont you think?
the white card was cuttlebugged with swiss dots. i added a small pen sitting on top of the notebook. the topper is made with a nellie snellen oval die (love nellie snellen dies) and the sentiment stamp is from stampin up.
morag xx
yesterday the refrain in my house was “does that behavior ever get you what you want?” and after at least the fifth time it hit me. just as i continue to say the same phrase to my children and as they continue to repeat the same behavior…the lord does the same to me. i continue to lack trust in him lack faith in him question the path he has me on. he continues to provide.
i am so very excited and honored to be guest posting here at kts refinishing school this is my firstever guest post so im not exactly sure how well it will turn out.
below is the rating scale for each of my children which in turn determines my happiness as a parent. they are dubbed by each child’s nickname. on a scale of to would be the best possible scenario this mother could ask for. each rating is based on actual words my children have used to clue me in on their honest opinion.
so what would your friends rename you to? will you stay a joe or a barnabas? either way go out there and encourage someone will ya??
avery…say your goodbyes and leave the mansion
due to weather and other work commitments i’ve had it for nearly a week but haven’t had chance to have a go with it as of yet. with exception to a few clicked off tonight just to say i’ve had a go
life is not a free ride this is a true statement as it is true that all of us would love to have somebody to do all for us pay for all organise stuff for us and so on. thus the lord created this world originally to be a free ride world we messed it up. it is easy to blame adam and eve the previous generations our parents our spouses and who knows whom. adam and eve had a choice and chose wrongly. the same applies for all of us. do you remember what happened back in the garden of eden?
what brings out your creativity?
alan bennett’s() forty years on() is set in an english public school symbolically named albion house. bennett counterpoints the reminiscences of a retiring headmaster with an end of term play which his successor is putting on. it is a play that offers a view of s england which is at odds with the oldfashioned values of the retiring headmaster. the final two speeches make explicit the allegory of a nation that has lost a worldwide empire is looking for a role for itself. guess where? in europe this was in when we joined the common market. these last two speeches give a funny and satiric but also sad and nostalgic flavour of a society going through change. the headmaster’s speech
gingrich i’ve never heard of that super pac
 store your pump parts in the fridge between pumping sessions if you cant wash and sterilize.*
tell me what youre working on now.
so i am sorry that i have been gone for so long but i am happy to say that i am feeling more like myself lately & that is without the assistance of medication. and i am happy to get back to posting more often
skinned by robin wasserman
read (blog as desired)
this was far from a oneoff case. police operations going back to have revealed a disturbingly similar pattern of collective abuse involving small groups of muslim men committing a particular type of sexual crime.
and if you happened to be passing on a bright tuesday afternoon as spring slowly drifted into summer there is a fair chance you would have seen magnus mandalora with his borse out ploughing in his pflugberry field.
the hanged man a member of the traditional pack fits my purpose in two
“why don’t you retaliate in kind instead of telling tales?” i said. “she won’t respect you until you do. don’t forget she’s used to dealing with big pussies.”
i mentioned this the other day but creativity has been elusive for me lately. theres a lot of upheaval in my world right now and my creativity is suffering. im still in love with these materials and am still planning to create with them. i need more time but ill get there.
i always tell my students that they need to write their thesis as if they wanted to save the world. because if you dont believe in what you are doing who will?
after a brief detour to the glittering outskirts of reality wolf returns to the tesco metaphor hes obviously so proud of;getting back to the great tesco scales of life... if i was to put the lives of officer mcphail shot in cold blood; james byrd dragged to a grizzly death; or the petit girls and their mom raped and killed what is the price that would come up? how much would their lives be worth?
. i think i smell a rat
i better go tony stands out in the street and shouts if im not back in the house by pm. incidentally did you ever hear how french tony got his name? apparently one day years ago in the greasy face he inexplicably said oui instead of yes when he was asked if he wanted more tea. the name just stuck.
i dont need scripts anymore nor the advice of experts generally.
an unstable situation will bring others… no matter… what quickly becomes most important is that mutually beneficial
this is a very basic gelato recipe that seems more or less fail safe. the only word of caution is to use goodquality honey because you really can taste it. i used a clover honey but next time i will use fireweed honey which is flavored with the quintessential alaska flowereed that blooms everywhere in the summer. lavender honey would also be gorgeous.
 **dx. “’upon what meat does this our caesar feed …?’ american constitutionalism and the ross perot intervention.” politics department the university of dallas irving texas. (incorporated in item c() above pp. .)
weekend workouts didnt happen...ugh i know i felt like a slacker but honestly we had a busy weekend and it was tough to find the energy or the time when we were rushing from place to place all weekend i know i always say no excuses and here i am making them...but i plan on making up for the lack of workouts this week i am planning on a morning run before the boys wake up so ill keep you posted.
keeps screen closed
enjoy cooking with your kids & using some more of last seasons garden produce. ) while you are at it why dont you invite some friends or neighbors over and have a party like the soldiers and peasants did in the book. happy garden eating )
oh and on a side note i think this image has convinced me to do something ive been thinking about for years paint my baseboards the same color as the walls. however i wont do that until the following ongoing projects are finished
“i drive one of them” akerson says. “i’ve now put miles on my car. i’ve used one gallon of gas.” one gallon consumed over the course of miles works out to well miles per gallon if consumption of electricity is purposely omitted from the equation. regardless akerson’s volt is a stranger to gasoline.
“i never even heard of them. i didn’t know brooklyn had a baseball field” said garesha ferguson a th grader at cobble hill school of american studies.
divide batter between both prepared pans and bake for minutes test for doneness with a cake tester. i baked mined for minutes. serve with berries or dusted with confectioners sugar.
what bucket list?
oh and those people who say bubble hemlines are no good for pear shaped (i.e. biggestidest at your bum and hips) girls dont know what theyre talking about. experiment and find what works for you.
metacritic 
@myinfamy beck says screw you guys im going home.
sorry there had to be tights again well the wedding is in january and in ireland so weather wise things are a little scary. (says she who got married in snow) i love opaques with open toe shoes and i particularly love bebaroques tights and they are really fabulous in person. i may have a couple of pairs myself. i just think the details which they add to tights are clever delicate and oh so girlie. oh and you can totally wear them both ways with a bow or other detail on the front of your foot or at the back of ankle. wonderful. (also totally believe that hype that one size fits almost all. as you know i am not exactly a size and they fit even me really well)
 cup mayonnaise (we used kewpie)
one included her behavior in the midst of what was surely one of the most terrible “storms” in her personal life as a mother. her youngest son (about at the time) died instantly in a tragic car accident just outside of our small georgia town. my father was a deacon in our church and it fell to him to go along with the pastor to tell miss eleanor and her husband the tragic news. he came home describing in awe that as they broke the terrible news to them eleanor instantly fell to the floor in deep heart pain but immediately jumped back up…and looked up to god calling upon his name for his love and peace to cover her family. her face shone with the presence of god. i know this precious saint suffered greatly as a mother in grief but i also know that from the first moment she heard of her grievous situation she made a crucial decision to immediately “look to jesus” for his peace that so mightily gives strength to all in the midst of the “storm”. what a witness i have never forgotten it. i also credit miss eleanor and another teacher of the same character and commitment to jesus miss winnie for loving me to jesus and teaching me the truth of his ways as a young teenager by living their faith…not just speaking of it
neither the homosexual nor the direct idea of homosexuality appears anywhere in these passages. had the writer intended to make a clear point about condemnation of gays surely the greek verb for homosexual behaviour would have been utilised rather than these nouns which are directly related to cowardice and idolatry?
banaian said “my idea is that i’ve worked in serveral countries. i’ve given a lot of advice both on fiscal and monetary policies to federal and national governments in the past. i would then take that experience and go down to the legislature and then work with people who probably don’t agree with me.”
politics does seems to pander to the worst in us and we therefore get what we deserve or what we vote for.
grim jim decided he should find
you know i have a little secret to tell i hate to admit it but i’m currently obsessed with the new show on a&e “duck dynasty”. i mean it’s not my kind of show i’m a city girl who loves watching sex&the city reads confessions of a shopaholic loves the spa shopping and definatley could never live off the animals killed on the land kinda girl hell i don’t even like that much facial hair. but for some reason this show is what makes me laugh and happy.
rewards anniversary token.
some of the giveaways will be wonderful creations made from handdyed wools.....
 being transformed
theyre not girls with specific names ...
if you are interested in inviting the expert myron sta. ana (the next big thing in corporate communications leadership personal branding and excellence and motivationalnspirational training and consultancy) in your school or organization to talk about this topic and a lot more just email him @ myron.s.sta.ana@hotmail.com or textall him at . right now he is still connected with hinduja global solutions as its corporate trainer so he is only available during the weekend saturday and sunday. however if your affair can only be scheduled during weekdays just advise him a month before ( weeks in advance at least) so he can make arrangements and can prepare accordingly.
despite the sadness i have been feeling i also feel very blessed and happy to be carrying another miracle. every night when we listen to poohs heartbeat our hearts feel so much happiness and peace. its like listening to a miraculous symphony. i pray for this baby and i just hope with all that i have that we get to bring this little one home.
ocean park
“keep a chain gang swinging make a cat bird sing.“
some time later as we were nearing glennallen the wrangellst elias mountain range came into view and it was gorgeous
spring has sprung the weather here isn’t quite as lovely as where we used to live down south but we sure do have a beautiful view. rocketgirl learned how to fly her first kite and i got to plant my annuals in the planters around the front porch. bulldozerbaby has been sick the past two weeks and hasn’t gotten to enjoy much but has been riding snugly in my wrap as i run my errands.
air is an intriguing read that held my interest most of the way even though as i noted before i could sense that the air (no pun intended) was let out of it toward the end. the comics art is good when dealing with people but in the flight scenes the series could have used an artist more able to suggest a feeling of soaring and the wonder that exists in the sky. still air was for the most part an enjoyable read – and a reasonably generous one at issues collected into four trade paperbacks.
nowadays more than percent of ibm managers agree that productivity increases in a flexible environment.
i describe myself as endlessly curious. secretly i love that about me. (its certainly better than being "intellectually incurious" as one white house staffer described president george w. bush.) i also love that my appetite to learn about foreign history culture is so easily indulged. i adore my little multicultural suburb. there are so many opportunities to connect with someone from someplace different. but sometimes my ego catches me off guard. and sometimes the little jerk points out that this curiosity only makes me weird because so few of the americans in my circle possess that same level interest.
isnt it strange......i knew you in the days before i thought to take photographs...........
“so do not throw away your confidence; it will be richly rewarded. you need to persevere so that when you have done the will of god you will receive what he has promised.”
chilli powder tsp
hello everyone .. sorry i am a bit late been out enjoying the lovely weather .fingers crossed it continues for easter . and talking about easter here i am to announce the winner and top of my easter wishes challenge .
most immediate
 og was only . which means i got about % efficiency which is bad. i had problems hitting my mash temp was around ˚ for awhile so that is part of it. chilled the wort down to about ˚ and racked onto yeast cake from spice ale at about pm.
sine cosine angular momentum in tetragonal brahman bliss
many foreign students believe that it’s hard to blend in to american culture because there aren’t enough resources for them. professor tushar trivedi is the coordinator for international students at saint peters college and agrees. mr. trivedi helps with the immigration process finding jobs and board but also tries to give guidance for students at the college. while most students are doing well academically their social skills are hindered to a certain extent.
ken livingstone gave a speech in which he declared that the proof that government investment ends recessions lies in china’s staggering rates of state spending and enormous correlate levels of growth.
julias book is always the place i look to for elegant ideas. along with the balleymaloe cookbook (and if i really want to get fancy the french laundry) its the goto place for classicly prepared frenchinspired food. if i want the "real" way to do a french onion soup or the best technique for a beef bourgignon or her recommendations for a leg of lamb this is where ill find it. if im at a loss for the perfect side dish for a fancy dinner one that my guests may not have every day ill borrow her recipe for something like polenta galettes instead of potatoes or rice. or maybe a gratin of grated zucchini vs. steamed broccoli. theres no end to the creative dishes and accompanying techniques in the way to cook.
i started with a white base layered with pink bazzill (pierced) and another layer of white the top half embossed with the damask frame ef. the horizontal strip is more pink bazzill punched with the martha stewart arch lattice border punch. i then wrapped some " white satin ribbon around it and added a white bow made with my bow easy. the frame around the gerberas was made with a piece of pink bazzill cut with the large scallop oval nestabilities and then the middle cut out with the classic oval nestabilities so that the embossing shows through. the gerbera daisies were stamped in tuxedo memento black and coloured with markers and a blender pen cut out with scissors and a scalpel and popped up over the frame. i finished off with a corner from the vintage die set and added a single kaisercraft snow pearl to the centre.
after inking up the flower image & coloring it using my copic markers i cut it out using a spellbinders large classic oval die & set aside. to make the layer with the border image i repeated the previous steps minus the use of copic markers. the justrite breath of spring borders & centers contains different floral images & decorative borders that can all be easily mixed & matched allowing for endless ways to use each stamp
to the surprise of many of us from the women movement who attended the parliamentary session members of parliament from the ruling party national resistance movement(nrm) who stood up to talk condemned the police act with reservations and blamed ingrid for resisting the arrest and added that she deserved it.
sticking to a schedule
at this stage i’m anticipating that my second draft after cutting and rewriting and expanding will bring the novel to around one hundred thousand words. i just hope luke and i can get through it intact mentally and also after sticking my butt to the chair for so many hours physically.
 – cousin avi
and make money."
but given the way the human mind tends to streamline and simplify multiculturalism has been streamlined in many minds into "my own culture is evil."
cue the rightwing outrage machine. savage was attacked for his use of language and for belittling the faith of his audience. now for the real point of contrast between his story and limbaugh’s. rather than react immediately to the furor savage took the time to reflect on the situation. he then crafted a smart careful response addressing all the nuances of the situation. he accepted responsibility for the namecalling use of the term “pansyassed” and apologized to the students who had walked out while making an excellent point
you’ll probably hear more of that if you haven’t already. the problem with manufacturing foreclosure documents is because there are so many foreclosures because what else could be done? it’s like the i love lucy episode where chocolate is coming down the conveyor belt too fast – of course lucy is going to start rubberstamping foreclosure documents without even looking at them when they are rolling in so fast.
not that it should come as a surprise but lotus ended two of the days at the top of the time sheets. a remarkable achievement was actually on day two when grosjean lapped the mugello circuit in his lotus as did kobayashi in his sauber with the exact same time of .. both pilots were tied for the day’s fastest lap. perez had a rough spell on the final day with limited running in his sauber before retiring it into the garage as it smoked like a cheap cuban cigar.
) book
but there were blessings in this parade of noshows. because the unraveling of my apartment took me much much longer than i had originally anticipated i had to simplify my visits with friends. historically ive made too many plans ran around like a crazy person trying to fit everything in and consequently overwhelm myself and didnt enjoy a thing.
nothing the world believes is true. it is a place whose purpose is to be a home where those who claim they do not know themselves can come to question what it is they are. and they will come again until the time atonement is accepted and they learn it is impossible to doubt yourself and not to be aware of what you are.
most of us want our diets to be a little like having the remote control; we want the power to make lots of choices depending on everything from our mood to the time of day. it’s clear from research that the most successful eating plans are lowmaintenance you can follow them with your family and you won’t feel overwhelmed by cravings. if you can do that you’ll get results. but try to stay on a diet where you feel more isolated than a yankees fan at fenway park then chances are that the result will feel like the boxoffice numbers of a blevel horror flick—a miserable failure.
trying to encapsulate war documentaries continues to challenge me...after all theres just so many ways one can write "war is hell". what i will say is that i have to commend filmmakers who are taker audiences deeper and deeper behind the lines. they are showing us the cold hard math involved with soldiers keeping the rest of us safe.
yesterday the elvehjem’s floors were scuffed with black streak marks. its outer walls are flaking and discolored. the building is showing its age. during the birth of the chazen’s new half it looks like minimal attention was paid to its older sibling. and like the elvehjem’s exterior its holdings are conspicuously older. walking away from the rich colors and sounds of the modern galleries one crosses the bridge into the old chazen’s galleries of renaissance and ancient greek art. in the quiet one can’t help but wonder if the old chazen is being tossed into the dustbin of history.
by the time school started three painters and the motion picture studio all wanted to use me. i had strict instructions from all of them not to even trim beard or hairbut still no beard card. as it turned out this particular waiver was complicated for two reasons the artists werent on campus and needed to be checked out first and the request was for an untrimmed beard rather than the closelytrimmed one allowed in medical and most artistic cases.
 my dh reads her some books (with music playing)
nab booth su
at the midnight hour i finished this months another year of schnibbles project bibelot. sinta and sherri are the schnibbles divas; be sure to visit their blogs to view the march parade of schnibbles. always so many yummy finishes.
happy new year from someone born under the chinese calendar animal...
for many years starting back when i was in grad school through when the girls were small i kept a gratitude journal. i loved the practice of remembering to be grateful for the little things and taking note of it all. it was an important process for me and it helped to change my overall perspective of the world from a negative one to a much more positive view. i have gotten out of the habit of writing regularly in a physical journal although it does still exist on my bedside stand. i have decided that i want to try keeping a gratitude journal on a weekly basis on our blog. i firmly believe that remembering to keep an attitude of gratitude is vitally important to happiness
both posts are worth reading as they continue to provide irrefutable evidence of a link between economic conditions and election results in the us. moreover the question of which economic conditions matter most is of both academic and pragmatic interest. whether it is actually possible to study this in an empirically satisfying matter when limiting oneself to us presidential elections however remains an open question. as silver notes
a – ‘recycling communities’
if you take them out too early like i did put them back in for… to minutes. sorry.
to put it extremely crudely (with apologies) some might say that seeing the immense masses turn up on the streets for bersih . would give some leaders a serious hard on.
there are many devils driving her to this move. respected economics professor hanswerner sinn head of germany’s ifo last week said german taxpayers are facing a dangerous rise in credit risk from a plethora of bailout schemes. “the eurosystem is near explosion” he told austria’s economics academy as the spanish crisis worsened. sinn argues that germany will get saddled with most if not all of the €. trillion in rescue measures for ezone debtors.
thanks again to everyone who joined again and to all my followers. watch this space. more candy in the future.
the toxic pills soothe her turbulent mind
does racial sensitivity have a price? (effron cameron & monin ) this article was looking at the “rebounding” effect that occurs when we show support for a person who is of a minority. lets be clear here though. minority does not always mean “fewer people.” it actually refers to the power of that group as a whole. so one can say that females are a minority in many countries (including the u.s.) because as a group they do not have the same power as males. some people may debate this idea but this is how it was taught to me in sociology
what i like about modnique is that they have a nice selection of items at budget friendly prices. they feature a “deal of the day” every day with a spectacular bargainusually on a piece of jewelry. they also have a “make an offer” feature where right before a sale on something ends they give you an option to make an offer. they usually only accept offers that are about $ lower but that still saves you some money what i don’t like is that the shipping takes forever. i’ve never had a problem getting my items but it just takes a long time. i have returned something to modnique because it didn’t fit and the return process was very smooth.
bill scald is a restaurant critic (and what a wonderful name for a critic). much to his disgust his boss orders him to review a new italian restaurant that is clearly owned as a moneylaundering site by a mob family. scald points out that in this case a bad review could have extremely nasty results. his editor blithely uninterested in such niceties as journalistic integrity tells him to go off and say something nice.
one week ago on christmas eve my daughter my mother and i went to celebrate our respective birthdays together at a new (for us) restaurant cafe firenze located in the next town over. clearly the menu is italian but the special draw of this restaurant in addition to the good food is the chefwner fabio viviani.
. jaws while eating chocolate ice cream
why this beer? well i like the saranac beers been drinking them for years. i also figured the maltiness of the ofest would set off the spicy pork nicely. lets put that to the test its official im a genius no really this is good. the eggs are good stuff on their own but with the beer in the mouth things really light up. the beer gives the flavors in the melange the playtex bra effect; it lifts and separates them. (anyone else remember those ads? ive been wanting to use that phrase for years.) the pork steps out i can taste the cheese clearly even the tomatoes taste fresher. the beers fresh as rain too easy to swallow and grab for more. great job on that cheers to the folks in utica.
in his only year at idaho tyndall helped the vandals land the no. recruiting class in the country in .
i mean he didn’t have to create church this way. he could have done it another way. how many people in church annoy you? how many people in church are just irrelevant to your life? how many people are lying to you? how many are cheating on their spouse? how many could care less if you can’t pay your bills this month?
the road to serfdom by f.a. hayek (very good)
for my card i decided to go with a mainly white theme the card base and the card i have used for my embossed panels are two different types hence the colour difference i have used tilda with cross stitch heart from the magnolia sweet christmas dreams collection and i have coloured her with copics. i used my snowflakes folder and a craft concepts embossing folder called cottage floral. i used a ms patp punch for tilda to sit on and some ribbon and jewels to finish off.
finish gomshall station tq
so i had a lovely trip to bristol to see karen yesterday and this is what we got up to – a gig.
where do your ideas come from?
running can be like that – you start off not knowing what comes next. pretty sure you can’t do it but trusting that your coach wouldn’t deliberately promise you could do something you couldn’t. and you start out with a lot of trepidation. and little by little you conquer the seemingly impossible.
extra entries
and we may never recover from the insurance increase. )
o my dear lord
while that might sound small consider this the national heart lung and blood institute has found that each one percent reduction in a person’s ldl cholesterol levels can be expected to reduce heart disease risk by two percent. the other form of fiber insoluble also has a scouring effect but in a different way; it helps move food through your digestive system.
the mumble of an announcement which is impossible to make out
okay. i am getting some of my house projects completed. and i hope to share those very soon
the fuzzball one day will have her own clan. but until then she will know the word and know the traditions. she will always have clan.
the report went on to say that parents are “looking the other way.” the young users see their forage into the experimental world as less risky than using alcohol.
with such inexhaustible riches.
. add turmeric powderchilly powder salt as per taste .
willis gidney isnt your average private eye. for one thing he was raised in the tender loving care of the washington d.c. juvenile justice system. which is to say he grew up hard and fast.
in reality the chain of armenian massacre began in its modern instance in after the berlin conference. it escalated in and occurred again in (the burning tigris a history of the armenian genocide pg ).
id be lying if i said it wasnt a little difficult watching the line of friends wind down the trail as i turned into the wind to head back to my car happy that i was finished but envious of the reward that comes after enduring the pain and completing a journey. it was such an amazing run and i wanted to keep that feeling going although i knew stopping was the smart thing to do and really the only option. im hoping that this becomes a regular route that we can do again hopefully recreating some of the magic of the run and next time i hope to be a traveler instead of a tourist.
ttc missed picking her by one vote. d’oh
maybe i should stop cooking so much..mmm..its a thought..lol..
what if the cheater is your best friend? what if the deceived is your best friend?
cut each slab of the ribs into two pieces for easier handling. rinse the ribs and drain. coat the ribs well with the marinade and marinate them for at least six hours (preferably overnight). turn them over once after half of the marinating time has passed.
made from flourcloth old cotton batt wools~
"sinking by the head. have cleared boats and filled them with women and children."
sure enough he had a bladder infection and a bad case of worms. he doesn’t spray anymore but we had a hard time placing him. after paying the vet bill steve joined our household.
i mean you just have to look at all of the bartending cocktail apps on my iphone to see that i have fallen for so many that promised to deliver up to date relevant and intelligent conversation information on and around cocktail trends and bartending hospitality culture. so far every one of them failed to live up to those promises…
genre mystery crime
tee lets her in and she just plops her ass right on the sofa. mj and i both have our laptops open working (which is you know how we keep the lights on and shit but who gives a fuck right?) but she doesnt even ask if were working because nothing short of me actually throwing her out the door was going to get her to move. she chats for a few minutes asks me about my foot and then says she just wanted to "put it in our ear" that there were bedbugs and lice in the building. she skirted my questions about who in the building had them but im pretty sure that the bedbugs are in the unit where her "friend" lives and that the lice are on her grandchildren. i came to that conclusion because the only person she annoys besides us is that one "friend" and she seems to think that "black children cant get lice".....im not too sure about that but those children are mixed and i dont know if that makes a difference but theyre the only children in the building either way so this leads me to believe they are the ones with bedbugs if they arent the ones with lice. patty made comments about going home to wash her hair with lice shampoo and i asked her "do you have lice patty?" she seemed kind of upset about that and said no she didnt. and then got up to leave after not saying anything for a few minutes.who the fuck thinks they have lice and then goes into someone elses house and sits on their furniture? i was at a loss for fucking words. she was just going to treat her hair "just in case". uh huh right. what the fuck ever.
..these had better be the best tasting potatoes on earth
i appreciated the randomness and the acknowledgement of said randomness but each individual part didn’t do much of note not even fred’s icet which was put to such sublime use in the celebrity teen crisis center sketch from last season. b
". freedom from discrimination all citizens are equally protected by secular law"
it was a memorable experience and a lucky shot 
kevin van hentenryck you know if it worked out id love to do music too. as you get more into things you discover how much time they take up. i used to try to do the acting the music the sculpting but i had two kids and that was a wonderful detour. now that my kids are older maybe i can return to that. my oldest daughter is away at college studying acting. shes a natural. i had to work at acting but shes a natural..
the other spice girls hold no mystery for me. baby spice? next oh yeah ginger spice? really? scary spice. don’t i know you? you remind me of a teacher i had in high school. anyway the other “girls” seem less interesting to me less intriguing. they seem to lack any special powers.
***warning the following review may contain spoilers.***
pray for supplies to be plentiful & to reach their intended destinations.
so i spoke with his counselor today.
doubt is always around the corner and my fear for death over stupid miscalculations.
what? lord knows. but i have only minutes no seconds left.
a week ago i was browsing some shops in the city just to see if there was any new stuff in. i saw this new brand that was very very cheap (less than $ per bottle) and then it hit me. i should look for a bluetoned red since the price was right for me to experiment and there were a lot of red shades to choose from. i chose one that looked ok in the light of the shop (although you can never know with these). i was very pleased with the outcome
 chacarera del bombistohacarera trunca ()
hollow pike started as a nugget of an idea back in early . i had just concluded an ongoing serial in a local magazine and needed something to sink my teeth into. at the time i was teaching year pupils and had already become a fan of the evergrowing ya genre. to me some of the freshest writing seemed to be in this area – grown up books without the boring bits.
so with really no extra time to speak of to come up with my brilliant idea of how to put these seemingly worthless scraps to good use they accumulate. weve had this machine for nearly years. thats a lot of scrap and i wonder if maybe my husband in his attempt to straighten the studio up (my perpetual state of chaos) has either inadvertantly...or maybe not so inadvertantly....tossed bags of these without my knowing. if i ever find out hes done this...its the dog house for him (youve been warned chief)
making words with blends by deanne of first grade and fabulous "making words is a great activity to work on phoneme isolation segmenting sounds and blending sounds to make words. this packet includes blends (with both short vowels and long vowels with silent e. you will find ten different making word directions which include their own recording sheets." (k)
“where are your parents?
there are millions of bands out there. there are truck loads of posters on every corner of every city with a tons of posters of tons of bands that are constantly changing it up all too often and become that much more easily forgotten.
if you click to the next blog i wont blame you.... i probably would too.
such protests often look prettier with the distance of history. standing up to the status quo is by definition countercultural in the moment — even if those doing the standing up have the support of the majority of americans.
peel butternut squash and cut into small pieces
) never sign an application that contains false information and try to avoid signing blank forms. if you must sign a blank form make sure you get a copy of the completed form and review it for accuracy before it is filed.
critics will throw raw numbers around showing how businesses devoured others or formed monopolies during the gilded age but they rarely get into the details. some businesses were aided by government to form defacto coercive monopolies while others got gobbled up because they could not compete contributing to the statistics showing shrinking numbers of businesses in a given industry.
earning the spot in day ′s top was the overall epicness and energy that went down in the heineken dome. for some reason people do not know about the dome as it serves as a mini beer garden in one part and a sweet dance party in the other dome. the sounds that go down in here range from minimal techno disco techno to electro house. there is air conditioning in there and a mesmerizing light show that is projected onto the roof of the dome. people in here are full of energy and it is a never ending dance party. you can walk through here at any point throughout the day and it will be raging. by far the best kept secret about coachella.
sarkozy said that “not to intermarry racially is bad for the survival of the country” why is that “ok” and not “racist” but a white person saying they believe in white racial survival is an “evil racist”?
wyrobek aj anderson d lewis s nagao t perreault s robaire b schrader s. biomarkers and health endpoints of developmental toxicology of paternal origin summary of working group discussion. malemediated developmental toxicity. olshan af mattison dr (eds.) .
so loved and dear to all.
"fancy meeting you here on the bus.
this is unacceptable. yes columbus needs a goalie and a defense but the lack of scoring talent is painful and brutally obvious. to “learn” to win is difficult if you’re learning only from “tough veterans.” the tough veteran approach concerns me because unless they’re of a type like vinny prospal they don’t have much skill to offer. the young guys in the blue jackets organization need time to develop properly and adjust to the professional game. without any toptier scoring talent outside of rick nash (and even he’s not truly elite) nobody else can shoulder the offensive burden and young players are thrust into roles they’re not prepared to take. that only further exposes the shallow and lowend talent in the blue jackets prospect pool.
now here are my picks
lost in purgatory
amongst her many qualities h is dependable down to earth a great listener a skilled thinker empathic warm hearted cultured and particularly well read. she is also a very talented visual artist. i am very proud to say that i own three of her original artworks that each mark an important moment in my life.
candy by johnny dowd
(an aside this was pretty much the only precinct map i could find. there must be better ones than that. anyone have any idea where theyd be?)
but this punishment had been on the agenda for weeksever since id lost track of how much homework i had and spent a painful night working on a paper and a presentation and getting only two hours of sleep. that had been "unacceptable" and a punishment was in order.
there is a nice smoothness to the beer which makes it go down pretty easy. my problem is with the smell of these types of beers. i really cant get past the skunky smell and it really hinders my experience with the beer. that is probably why it takes me about years in between buying carlsberg. the reason i bought it this time was to probably take me back to that trip to sf and remember all of the great times we had that week.
saldaña one of our greatest poets our wisest voices raulrsalinas. it’s sad he died but he left behind a wealth of words. i had the joy of knowing him watching him present at readings and schools and that vato could command an audience even a high school gym filled with teens who seemingly don’t care about anything.
eventually i could stand it no longer and rang dorset police.
oil – tablespoons
today was day… wait i have to grab the beginners schedule… . so scheduled for today was cardio and balance and agility. except… there was no way i could fit those two workouts in today… so i flipped the days and workouts. so yesterday day i did minutes of cardio and the balance and agility. it was the first time i did these back to back. i was a little tired. okay a lot tired.
ha its set to definitive proof that mr. g lies and hates me and wants me to die of heat stroke in the night not which means sleeping comfortably and not dying of heat stroke. no degrees im onto you mr. g
now local i phoned our tour guide arranger mohammed who joined us at our hotel to review the plans for the next four days. my one page of details and scribbled notes became the basis of all reminders and my travel journal. he also took us to buy water and sandwiches from one of the local delis. fed and through showers we adjourned to bed. cairo continued its noise the noise pollution of car horns sirens etc said to make the city x as loud as a city of equivalent size.
. the first biography of muhammad written by ibn ishaq over a century after muhammed’s lifetime on which all subsequent biographies are based.
two minutes later "now hes yelling at us."
im slowly working my way through older magpie tale prompts and posting them here on my blog.
i’ve been working on tree identification for the past two years. while i have a book for the southeast the new england area is a different story. because i haven’t gotten a book yet i rely on the internet (scary notion) for my information. i noticed a problem in both looking online and trying to identify tree leaves still on the tree vs. fallen tree leaves. their sizes don’t always match.
its basically the easiest outfit ever.
on tuesday night i went to bed to find swingbot lying on my side of the bed. he explained that he was warming it for me but since he was there anyway…
when he went for her swamwar (where a woman is allowed to choose her husband yes it was very liberating experience back then in ancient india too) where pandav were dressed as brahmins or priests. she insulted him by calling him a mere son of a charioteer who dared to think of marrying a princess being true to her egoistic nature (after all she considered herself to be very educated and she believed that she knew everything about karna another case where her arrogance was at best as in reality karna was of royal blood and eldest brother of pandav so in short was the perfect husband for her krishna here too played his spoiler game by misguiding draupadi)
okay so it’s funny.
and we make mistakes.
in re merck & co. inc. securities derivative & “erisa” litigation; this document relates to the consolidated erisa action
grace the soft place our palms are meeting.
i finally (finally) made more granola. this time with millet and dried cranberries instead of raisins. this granola has such a great mild not too sweet taste. i do cup servings and get the most bang for my buck when combined with greek yogurt. milk is good but i find myself hungry way sooner than when i have it with yogurt. i’m not the biggest fan of the consistency of greek yogurt but it really is satisfying and i’m not tempted to snack too much or too soon between meals.
out of our genes only a few contain the instructions for making hemoglobin proteins. the remaining genes do other stuff. but tonight i will prove again that evolution is taking place. i will make it clear that it is the strongest the smartest the fittest the most desirable that survive.
link your intended post and not your whole blog.
all of these points are excellent. they lack detail of course and the devil is always in the detail and i would have liked to have seen a little more on what would be included in the ‘great repeal’ given that later it only talks about ‘safeguards’ against the abuse of antiterrorism laws but really this is as good as anyone could have hoped for even though they may not admit it many of the more sociallyliberal labour party supporters. the reform of libel laws and commitment to transparency is equally as welcome as the rolling back or regulation of surveillance and this seems to extend into other parts of the agreement for the reform of government and elections. i hope the eventual full programme will also include some rationalisation of the crazy landscape of multiple ‘commissions’ to regulate different aspects of statecitizen information relations in favour of an expanded and more powerful information commissioner’s office but we will see. however this is a great start (and i never ever thought i would be saying that about a conservative government…).
i think ive brought you up to speed. im now working on the sequel which is tentatively called the plague of dark infinity. shadow mountain had me map out the series as five books so thats where it stands now. but each book will stand alone much more than my jimmy fincher series which was really one big book sliced and diced into four. but of course there is a huge arc that goes over the whole series of the th reality.
or as blake himself wrote in ‘the four zoas’
the seventh sign is the first of a handful of late ‘’searly ‘’s films that were popular with customers back in the days when my mother owned a video store. i do not recall this one ever being considering a classic among renters aside from the demi moore nude scene. i have never been a big moore fan but after having seen her naked numerous times before watching this film for the first time i am not hugely impressed by her early skin exposure. it does not elevate the film any.
in spite of their differences bellocs and barings friendship was cemented by mutual respect. "i like him immensely and think him full of brilliances and delightful to be with" baring wrote of belloc three years later. at this stage however baring did not feel tempted to succumb to the allure of bellocs faith. when his friend reggie balfour informed him in the autumn of that he "felt a strong desire to become a catholic" baring was "extremely surprised and disconcerted." until that moment he had only known two converts – his sister elizabeth who had married the catholic earl of kenmare and an undergraduate who had explained his motive merely as a need to have all or nothing. he was "amazed" that his friend should consider such a step and sought to discourage him arguing that the christian religion "was not so very old and so small a strip in the illimitable series of the creeds of mankind." out of loyalty to his friend simple curiosity or both baring accompanied balfour to a low mass. he was pleasantly surprised "it impressed me greatly… one felt one was looking on at something extremely ancient. the behaviour of the congregation and the expression on their faces impressed me too. to them it was evidently real."
then using the handle of a spoon i made an indentation down each log and spooned in the preserves. baked. then drizzled with a mix of powdered sugar lemon juice and vanilla. and they came out great. the glaze is very sweet which nicely complements the buttery vanilla cookie and the slightly tart preserves. i’ll definitely make these again despite my lessthanperfect experience.
in diplospeak this is leaning across the witness table toward the congressional investigators giving them two middle fingers and a hearty "f you you punks what are you going to do about it?"
. ryback crushed aaron relic & jay hatton dud
our visit was way too short but it was a ton of fun. i can’t wait to get the cousins together to visit again soon. these are the memories i hope they cherish always.
the journey over the hill and through the toll booths to lisa and lauras launch we go... is quite a story in itself. grab a chair. please note im not making any of this up. well maybe the lame dialogue.
charlotte is no fainting female instead she is smart sharpwitted and quick to take care of herself. the male characters pale somewhat in comparison but they are still well developed. ransome’s quest is a very interesting story and i hope to see more historicals along this nature by ms. dacus. $.. pages.
today was a day where i had to keep quality and exposure separated. i possibly deal with executive function dysfunction. it doesnt clip my grasp at greatness it just means i have to work really hard at "a consistent quality of performance".
this was not the first occasion for such practices of obliteration. after the army swept out of their beachhead around palaly in late and reconquered the western twothirds of the jaffna peninsula they bulldozed the existing tuyilam illam at kopay and vadamarachy. when the ceasefire period from late enabled the ltte to restore these holy sites they took care to build a little memento of smashedup epitaphs in glass cases with plaques delineating this act of desecration (see figures and ).[v]
the next piece of news is that southern star brewing will be celebrating its first anniversary on march th (a friday) at pm at the brewery. we plan on having a band play and of course the tasting bar will be open. though we wont be serving any food but the admission is free and no reservations are required
people amen.
they were all disappointed that this didn’t work. luckily i had a bunch of glow sticks laying around the house. i brought a bunch of those and we cut them open and put them into our bogus mountain dew concoction. so did we end up with glow in the dark mountain dew but we cheated to get there. (guess we shouldn’t have cheated when you are trying to teach about honesty and integrity).
mathew 
i hate planks.
the second card i designed is for case study csc which is featuring a card by laurie schmidlin as the inspirational piece. the antique typewriter in the card is what made me think of the steampunk book. i was also inspired to create my own corsageoutonniere to feature in my card. im also entering this card in the stampendous challenge which is asking you to "recycle repurpose reuse" in celebration of earth day. i made the background for another card a couple of years ago but didnt like it so i saved it in my scrap pile. i stained and distressed it yesterday to use for this card. i also used vintage buttons that my wifes grandmother used to safe from old clothes.
「一年に二回植えるやつ？」
do you know children who are wellloved? (i said wellloved not perfectly loved.) i do. great sweet wonderful honeys. could there be anything quite so wonderful as the open love of children? is it work for them? does it seem difficult? do they have to muster up the strength to do it or express it or receive it? not in my experience. rather like most people of all ages they soak it in like thirsty little sponges. everyone loves to be loved
perfect chocolate chocolate cake recipe
i have no particular agenda regarding breastfeeding vs. formulafeeding which may surprise some of you; but it’s the truth. and since i am probably one of the only mainly neutral parties in this particular battle of the mommy wars i generally try to stand far far back from any breast vs. bottle politics. this post really isn’t about that i promise (though of course we’ll have to start there). what this is about is me sizing up for myself whether i’m “mom enough” or really even what kind of mom i might be. i’ve been engaging in the same mental inventory of my mommyhood that i suspect many of us have done in the past days — not because i feel insecure about my parenting but because there has been so much discussion of all different kinds of parenting choices that it just seemed like a moment where an intellectually curious person like myself ought to stop and take stock.
its then i become aware that there are people talking in the background but it does not sound like his shop at work.
beck immediately offered an apology of sorts for his mormonism saying that it was an act of “courage” for the fundamentalist baptist liberty university to invite him to speak and that he understood it was “not meant as an endorsement of my faith”..
of course over the ensuing years the whole thing fell apart but i still loved to peruse pictures of the princess of wales admiring her fashions and the warm way she had with people.
the real culprit is as ever in situations involving crazy health & safety advice and paedo hysteria meaning school trips cant take place unless all the accompanying parents are either castrated or otherwise neutered is the gutwrenchingly riskaverse and litigious nature of british society in part imported from across the pond.
like this one…
such a place; some swearing some crying for a
there was no fast food in the thirties unless you counted an ice cream cone at the drug store. your vegies were done from the plant. for green beans we had to break the ends off and pull the strings down the side and discard. then we snapped them into about ” pieces. potatoes had to be peeled and cut up. pinto beans had to be washed and soaked over night. you get the picture? cooking three meals a day was not easy but we didn’t know anything different and did what we had to do.
there always seems to be some type of speed bump. this one could be something minor could just mean that i am healthy so i need more medicine to control my cycle. of course if you consult dr. google about this it could also mean some scary things as well.
this is as creative as i will be today. i have a busy next four days. today i am a high school health instructor. they are taking students off to a state track meet today. i have been blessed to take all of the fish in the science lab home for the summer. there will be pictures once i get the outside tank ready to go and the fish are all settled.
man can never
material and certificates. by the time we finished it was almost dark (no lights of
realtors you will deal with will always give you a rosy picture of the property you have an eye on. despite the fact that he or she would want to make a sale he or she also has the most information. thus it will pay to know more than what he or she is telling you about the property you have in mind.
its big too omg i hate snakes. ive been watching for them because its been so warm out. i decide its time to go home. we are walking the outside of the island and will cut through this shallow area to go back into the park. there is a guy standing in ankle deep water fishing. i dont know where he came from. i should have put guiness on leash but i really didnt think it would be a problem. ugh guiness went crazy. barking going right up to the guy. i could tell the guy was scared. then i get guiness and java decided to bark at the guy too. great. the poor guy being scared senless by this crazy ladys dogs. i felt terrible about this. i get across the river and decided to walk the field back so we dont run into any bikes. here come this older man and again guiness and then java go crazy. wth??? i just want to get to my car without any more problems. i feel like im wrecking other peoples time at the park. no one wants to go to the park and have their nice quiet walk interrupted by maniac dogs.
 riot
 gracie finally weighs over lbs. we were stoked
several years later my husband barry and i drove to the broads to meet my mum and stepdad for a day on the water. mum and i were on the boat unpacking the food for the day. stepdad and barry were in the dinghy (for some reason). there was a kerfuffle of raised voices
when white gold rings are new they are coated with another white metal called rhodium. rhodium is a metal very similar to platinum and rhodium shares many of the properties of platinum including its white color.
i also decided to give this one some dimension to go with that fabulous texture by mounting the embossed panel and the frames all with foam tape *love* seriously though you guys...this is one of those cards that i had spinning in my head for a few days...it evolved through a few different design ideas and then when i finally saw it in real live paper...i was in love ha i love it when that happens
dad thought for a moment. “leopard tamers” he said with a dramatic roundeyed flourish.
 hair was still only under inches long and hated it but + zelda and i flew to pasadena ca to see dr tawansy. her retinas have remained attached creed and evan took a road trip to el paso.
threat of blizzard slicked down highway
nate yeah.
mia i really enjoyed her character she is the ever reluctant hero of the story. she just wants to be left alone and not bothered about her weird freakish dangerous addiction. i was completely intrigued by her ability to survive and crave so many lightening strikes. love her ever stubborn attitude and completely loyalty and protectiveness to her family.
are you a fan of beauty & the beast too? do you want to join me in sunway on th february in the afternoon around pm? let me know as the deals will end in days time. if you are keen you can click on the link and buy the tickets and i can meet you there for a show and coffee.
the french onion soup was as good as advertised. the cheese was browned nicely and the croutons were plentiful with just the right amount of moistness. when marty came back to fill up my water glass i noticed a little bit of string on his pants. i debated whether to point this out to him and decided to say something. marty said thats another one of bruces efficiency ideas. the string is used to pull down his zipper and allows him to use the restroom without touching anything that would force him to have to wash his hands which takes time. bruce doesnt like doing unnecessary things and soap costs money. i was dumbfounded but impressed with the idea but one thing i couldnt figure out how do you get it back in i asked.
jared he died before i was born. my grandma and grandpa tell me i was his gift to my mother.
happy end of the week to everyone and for all my australian friends and family...
petrified the blonde looked skyward and asked “is that you lord?”
sampled in stores) by the reviewer.
 cup maple syrup
the american civil liberties union said in the church that they were expecting that a fresh national immigration law authorized into law by obama might be a much superior possibility and could be imposed within a significantly fairer way than the sc one inparticular. governor of the state haley accredited regulations last yr that instructs authorities to contact the feds if they find a suspected illegal immigrant when corporations are now needed to determine immigrant standing.
youd think i like them.
his mind was on his promise
. marketing postcard (back and front)
. farewell ()
indash mechless amm mp wma digital media receiver with remote
winner southampton arms london
you know i’m cool with it because not only do i have a sweet set up here i also got a job.
now in case youre wondering what this has to do with my bucket list let me tell you. was to have friends to go with on a vacation. i couldnt think of a better couple to be with. i realized this was on the list when were on our way there and quickly text suzy my thoughts and realized how blessed i was to have them in our lives. here are just a few pictures of our weekend
me ‘oh really? what happened?’ (i’m not expecting much but…)
the men left the scene after believing the two women were dead but the women were able to get up and run to houses nearby to get help. adams and cobb were arrested a few hours later in jacksonville about miles to the north.
velcro and ceilidh
i am shadow i am light
 teaspoon red pepper flakes
well yes caning. it does reveal & conceal that is sexy.
johnstone was snared in a probe of the brooklyn south narcotics squad in . part of the probe included a sting operation by the internal affairs bureau and an undercover posing as a drug dealer. two brooklyn cops were charged with stealing bags of crack cocaine and $ in cash from the undercover. johnstone was fired from the police department after his conviction.
so when we got to talking her drunk self opened up and she confided to me she had a husband who left her because “alitosheka na kuma.” she also told me that she was young and “innocent” (meaning naive) na “alikuwa anajiforce kwake bwana hakuwa anampenda…ati huyo jamaa alimchukulia “yeye tu ni kafala ambako alikatoa nyumbani hakajui jiji hakana pesa kanamtegemea kabisa kwa kila kitu hakana namna hata hakajui kuuza kuma kakapata pesa…” the way she said it it was obvious from the tone that this guy really mistreated her. i don’t know how a man can treat a woman like this one so bad. sijui…
i suspect there will be a few false starts a few dead ends.
this charitable event had a huge impact on the company that assembled and painted them as well as the children who received them. it was a winwin experience
in our head that’s exactly what look stranger’s thom thumb was shouting repeatedly as he cut up and retooled kites latest single “this jumped up boy in livery”. his fist no doubt pumping the air repeatedly in euphoria as the track slowly ceased to be the intoxicatingly introspective synth concoction of the original and instead took on a kind of dark house vibe peppered with light jazz piano trance and even what sounds like a smidgen of uk garage (remember that?).
self says he found riddley walker very intense and emotional; was this russ’s experience too? “yes i did live that book as i wrote it... the point where riddley and i both wept when i was writing the book was after goodparley and granser have blown themselves up and the black leader of the bernt arse pack who ‘looks like death on four legs’ shoves his nose into riddley’s hand and wants to be petted and riddley says ‘that’s when i cried for the dead’ and that’s when i cried too.”
the only thing is if i do get it i’ll need to attend fall as a full time student. this is another challenge for me. i’ve been on a two semester education leave due to my pregnancy and i had planned on starting fall as a part time student. well i’m not going to over think things and just let god guide me.
the good news is that some relieving guidance has popped up in the midst of all this ‘thou shalt not’ ‘it’s too late’ and ‘now look what you’ve done’. the absolutely astonishing thing is its source – ‘provenance’ as the antiques freaks like to put it. you aren’t going to believe this but it’s to the good old church of england that we turn in the shape of a vicar from hove (go on then …). this blessed man has revealed that not only is it a ‘good thing’ but it’s almost a moral duty perhaps even a religious obligation to spend easter sunday in bed eating chocolate and having sex – and by implication doing anything else that feels as though it should be in the ‘naughty but nice’ statistical bracket. well – who would have thought you’d read it here – praise be for the c of e photograph by hemerahinkstock
and starting monday i’ll be back to running again which will be a great way to kick off the month of may. and i’m getting ready to print the other emails i’ve gotten since printing my other books. i haven’t been able to face them yet though i’ve tried several times. i have the hard copies together where i need them it’s just a question of weeding out the stuff i don’t need from the binder and getting rid of it where my parents won’t snoop.
for now here it is vanderbilt acapeligo
i thought we had a good session last time but this time it was even better
the bilderbergers will probably do nothing but they will do so at their own peril. the a and b levels have well stocked underground shelters where they think they can flee to in case of excessive radiation on the surface of the earth. the problem the elite faces is that the military has very big weapons and will follow the b level admirals and generals who will in turn follow the cia into the shelters over the dead bodies of the bilderbergers. the b level is populated with people who have seen unlimited power supplies and planes that fly mph. so this leads me to say this
profession global wanderer & founder of hope for the silent voices
but i may dare to share some reflection with you...
myth or legend the myth of the fates. clotho lachesis and atroposthe spinners and weavers and snippers of our lives who dont mind if a random thread of chance comes into their tapestry now and then.
season midautumn and dry season
but i have a different opinion. i have a crank theory about all this.
when drake finn finds a mysterious shed in his back garden little does he know that inside he will find the three horsemen of the apocolyspe. or that he will be given the job as the fourth…well technically the th. but having just started a new school and facing problems of his own drake doesn’t want to take up the role of death. as long as he can work off his notice period without anything happening he’ll be fine…or so he thinks
thats when i hear my mother say that the public beach down the street from her house has become dangerous because of "hobos living there at night." hobos. she used the word hobos. probably to refer to the maybe one homeless person who has actually spent a night or two down there. the cops are by all the time so i doubt they can take up permanent residence there.
“i’m being hit twice as a taxpayer $ million where did it go?” he said. “i’m hit a second time i’m not getting money that is owed to me and the government hasn’t done anything to look out for us.”
i started as a size and now i am a size . life is getting good but that is because i am working hard to make it be the way i want it to.
the phones is more compact and more gentle on the battery. i really really like it. and tmobile’s customer service has been excellent—i’ve gotten a knowledgeable competent person every single time i’ve called.
my favorite bible story has always been joseph (son of jacob) and the coat of many colors. i was always in awe that he was able to come back from such personal defeat and conquest from his brothers and their hatred to rise into a such a powerful person. it was always amazing to me that joseph could take the stance that what had happened had been gods will to save the lives of many.
another layer of eggplant
i wanted to share a recap of my thoughts on the entire training cycle for my nd marathon the bmo vancouver marathon on may before i run the race so that my thoughts aren’t biased on the results.
i like reading in bed i like reading in a particular chair by the window in my study but my favourite place of all for reading now is travelling – on buses round london on trains to europe on aeroplanes anywhere else. i dread the day when people can phone from aeroplanes – at the moment planes provide the best reading environment i can think of especially long haul so when most people think oh groan twelve hours to singapore i think goody goody half a dickens….
treatment balanced meals. he receives visits regular consular
the writers once scattered across campuses classes and years are brought together to share their works with those most ready to listen. the competitors hear the roar of the appreciate crowd even as the crowd learns of the rich and creamy talent bubbling throughout the university’s writerly community. yes think all involved yes this is the capitalt truth i’ve been waiting for. too long i have toiled in solitude on theoretical writing—this this is applied writing deployed in public for the public and the glory is almost too much to bear.
franz fanon once theorizedand im loosely paraphrasingthat culture
my husband and i ran the half marathon on our th anniversary and had a great time. i missed my goal time ()by a couple of minutes () but considering the pouring rain and tornado sirens i will have to get over it. i cant believe i am saying this but it was fun
“like i said it was a long time ago. you probably forgot.”
here are my makes for april
a good polarizer may be the most important filter you buy and is usually the first. it’s important for two reasons
schooldays
faith is seeing with our heart and by the spirit of god when what we see with our eyes is only darkness and loss.
i could see all sorts of tempranillo characters in this wine but it did not feel spanish. i cannot help feeling it has more in common with the structure of a tempranillo tinto roriz from the douro.
great leaders take prudent risks.
when those “in christ” will rise
goals for july
for who am i to serve you
this is mussolinis famous prophecy about the th century in the enciclopedia italiana. it came true with the aid of the modernday left and their love of big government. to underline that note that in the ratio of government spending to gdp in italy was % in the s % and it is now roughly % (martino ). in this prophecy mussolini rejected marxian socialism because he disliked the marxist notions of class war and historical inevitability but modernday leftists differentiate themselves from marxists too.
haunted hallways
i had a quick browse of the next floor down where the vivienne westwood items are sold then went on the music closet child which is located nearby in a separate building. pure sound is also nearby (another secondhand vk shop) and i got je*reviens and malice mizer cds. i wanted to get aiorias one and only album but alas i couldnt find anything by them all trip. in pure sound there was only the separator marked "aioria" and no cds
and now i can really enjoy my presents make plans for the year throw myself into my new job go shopping with all the money i will be making travel and relish in the freedom i have right at this moment.
candy said some things on the other site that i found interesting. she apologizes to me there later on in the comments. why not just come directly here? she knows that would have put a comment in my email that i would have seen. why take a chance i would miss it hidden in comments over there?
proclaim liberty powerful stuff then. powerful stuff now.
"whatever the cause” said cahill “it’s not recent. the causal event obviously happened around nine or ten months ago – that’s when people stopped getting pregnant. there may be a small chance that we can get some idea of what’s going on if we look at records of possible outbreaks or unusual activity between nine and ten months ago. maybe "
or you simply feel more than others
i hope to get caught up on the family blog soon but i have started another blog with recipes www.rolyndiasmenu.blogspot.com. i love recipes and trying new things so the recipe blog is right up my alley. hopefully i can post recipes on a regular basis and if you have any you would like to share feel free to send and i will post once i try them out.
and a trailer
(as an aside – you may be asking yourselves when i am quoting events at the aaup meeting – when the unversity press sector is often considered to be one of the less commercial sectors – supported as it often is by contributions to operating cost from the parent university. and the answer is that because of budget cuts many of these presses are now having to sink or swim on their own – at the same time as facing huge pressure from librarians in particular to provide content electronically on a payperuse basis. these presses are being squeezed at both ends and they have to reshape themselves fast).
gilbert said it’s not uncommon for one of the birds involved in a cockfight to die in the ring. she said often sharp objects are attached to their talons before the fights.
mrs angry eternal optimist. x
airlines typically have sales in which they give double miles for travel on specific routes. but this fall many airlines are also giving double elite qualifying miles (eqm) for travel to any destination. in contrast to double miles bonus eqms cannot be redeemed for travel and expire in the end of the year but they can help you reach elite status faster. in most airlines you need to earn eqms within a calendar year to reach the lowest elite tier and more for higher ones. elite membership not only gives your priority in boarding seating and standby but also entitles you to bonus miles for travel. most airlines give % bonus miles – which can be redeemed for travel – to members of their lowest elite tier and % or more to members of higher tiers on almost any flight. so think of qualifying for elite status this year through eqms as an investment for earning more redeemable miles next year.
choked sob.
then she falls into a gruesome nightmare one that chills her to the bone. for the first time janie is more than a witness to someone elses twisted psyche. she is a participant....
tottenham drew level with man united for all of hours after winning their game in hand against everton. but they then drew at home to wolves a dent to any team’s title prospects. personally i don’t see them winning it they’ve too many away games to the big sides with only man united of the ”big six” to visit white hart lane before the campaing’s end. spurs will be without emmanuel adebayor for this one as part of the loan arrangement with city.
are you going for the muchhyped bersih . sitin rally at dataran merdeka or would you rather spend your saturday afternoon at home?
the support contrasts with the stance of major internet companies against sopa and pipa which sought to allow the government to prevent access to sites hosting illegally published intellectual property.­
last night i saw a meteor and today i saw a flying fish
christina was beautiful and fair; half caucasian half mexican with a lot more spanish blood than indian. at she ran away from the controlling and prisonlike existence her father had imposed upon her. because her mother had died when she was only seven and her father had disowned her upon learning of her pregnancy she had called me a friend of the family for support. i went through the pregnancy with her and was at her side for ally’s birth. when the nurse handed the little whimpering bundle to me i knew that god was handing her to me. her tiny brow was furrowed and i gently rubbed her forehead until she relaxed. god was telling me to protect her to take care of her and to be there for her. i softly told her that everything was going to be okay and that i would take care of her. her father chose not to take responsibility and she had no grandmother so i having no children of my own at age asked christina if i could be ally’s “grandma”. christina welcomed the help and the free babysitting.
non plussed by the negative blowback rosen doubled down
i’m not participating in the project anymore – it’s become inhabited by kids and other oddities but i do check in on a new “contest” on the site – wwyd – what would you do. a photo is offered on this page for other participants to play with add color remove color change distort – just have a good time. here’s the one they are currently working on…
cut. fold row in . sew to face
in november the ipo refused to grant the spcs applied for. in the case of four of the applications more active components or ingredients were specified in the applications for spcs covering those components than were identified in the wording of the claims of the basic patent and they were not therefore protected by the basic patent under article (a) of regulation . as for the fifth application while the active components or ingredients identified in the patent were the same as those specified in the spc application (ie combination of pertactin and filamentous haemagglutinin) the mas submitted in support of that application did not fulfil the conditions laid down in article (b) since they related to medicinal products containing nine active ingredients that is to say vaccines which did not contain only the active components or ingredients specified in the spc application and in the patent claims.
i signed up to take the office support exam which is required for anyone applying for a clerical or administrative level job with the state of wisconsin. no its not my dream to be a secretary but an employed secretary is better than an unemployed manager any day. nine to with dental thats what im looking for now. the corner office is so far from my imagination that i cant even see it with a telescope. a job. thats all i want. a job.
... and it is aunt jessie on monday at pm cayden elizabeth jurden was born. cayden is the first born of my brother nick and his wife alicia. she is also the first baby to born that isnt one of mine.
this is my blog 
keep smiling.
"there is zero tolerance for discrimination at usda and i strongly condemn any act of discrimination against any person" agriculture secretary tom vilsack said in a written statement. "we have been working hard through the past months to reverse the checkered civil rights history at the department and take the issue of fairness and equality very seriously.
tiedye socks from tokyo
those freaky holeinthroat ads fail to mention how much easier it is to make friends over a cigarette. hey got a light? i don’t see what the big deal is about secondhand smoke we don’t complain about their carbondioxide emissions.
they forged a neartelepathic musical rapport with each other
an example of a socially responsible entrepreneur that you may be very familiar with is the british chef jamie oliver. beyond his amazing culinary empire jamie identified a need to give back to society by offering career opportunities to troubled youth who otherwise were heading for disaster. he started the apprentice program which has also become a tv reality series. the program consists of identifying young people and putting them through a very rigorous culinary program with the overall goal of turning them into professional chefs. if you want to read more about it here is the link
of halfavoid thought
gular road dainik rajpath wali gali
the little man wants one thing and (almost) one thing only for christmas. he has been talking about it nonstop since he saw one at his friends house and when he got the chance to meet santa last week he wanted to make sure he was on the nice list.
bugatti came out with a few videos that signature the car and place it at the very top of our wish list. so don’t forget to tell santa about your number one present while you’re sitting on his lap in the mall
this is heartbreaking but it is after all just a movie. even so i think this part of the movie taps into a spiritual truth. it reveals the struggle of faith that we have sometimes as christians. our lover – jesus – has been gone for a long time now. all around us voices tell us to give up to move on to settle for life as best as we can get it. but if we do that we find like kelly that when jesus returns we have no room for him in our lives anymore.
but … through much contemplation i realized that it wasn’t just him leaving that caused the glum response; rather it is what his departure represented – change.
and i use the word "reincarnating" very deliberately rather than "resurrecting". so has anyone done this?
here are a few of the ways in which ive helped mentor others
its art hop+opushopus
but a girl cannot live on ice cream alone. so delicious has also introduced a new line of almond milks
as the dead carcasses of unburied men
“sorry kid.” i really am.
but that is also disturbing…
spring is around the corner and with it the opportunity to clear out the clutter that may have accumulated in the past year. shelters are in dire need of many of the items that may be headed for the trash heap.
here’s sebastian seung’s connectomeexpanding ted talk
i worked late into the night woke up all night and woke up early. from there the chance to ship them off to school looked like a ticket to the promised land for me if not for them.
shared at the following blog hops
thousands of mysterious rocky outcrops which have been identified as ancient calendars and observatory towers as well as structures built in honour of deceased tribal chiefs have been discovered in our modern times. in almost every case various experts in their fields have classified these ancient structures as ‘religious’ centres built by high priests of some or other strange religious order or cult. in most case they are percent correct
two days laterm i was in bellingham for the interview and looking at the area. we fell in love with fairhaven.
 labour
sunday trivia night; pm win gift cards
you’ve written books for cobblestone press in the past and now you’ve turned your hand to self publishing (we’re going to talk a little about what you write in a minute). how do the two experiences compare from an author’s perspective?
oh and on a last note i really hope that i haven’t offended others by what i said and if it seems like i’m belittling your feelings this is not my intention and i’m sorry. i don’t know all your stories or pain but i’m sure there is a lot of it. i do not claim to be an expert on anything but my own experiences and i would like to hear yours as well.
goddamn.
the land is not completely flat. there were a few lengths of road that were where the sky was a complete dome of blue with a lonely sun high in the sky and degrees of desert all around. but then youd drive over a ridge that you didnt even see was there and suddenly a new undulating view would present itself complete with mesas and vast salt pans where lakes try to exist but fail.
today im going to show you the new (kind of) china glaze magnetix collection. i hit transdesign.com and snagged the whole collection. i also got the magnet on amazon for a few dollars. i saved a lot of money that way something to consider if you want to purchase these.
of course its different for everybody. its certainly different for those of us who watch tv see its a wonderful life every december or even a christmas story in its endless loop on tnt all day or even those who remember that particular tv special we all gre up watching and loving.
and the accessories came from here there and everywhere
there is nothing you can’t do – if you really want to do it.
how can you ever ever repay anyone for a gift like that? giving this child life and handing them over for someone else to raise in my eyes is the most unselfish act that any woman can ever make. there just arent enough thank yous in the world that could scratch the surface of how you want to express what it means for you to be given the opportunity to be called "mama".
the fiend will shy away from flame and not fight any character who bares a torch. it also hates sunlight as this turns it into inanimate stone until the new moon. if the characters prevent it from hiding back in the barrow it will seek a sheltered spot where its body can lie undisturbed during the next month such as the bottom of a deep stream. if it does get back into the barrow it can be killed by lighting a huge fire that covers the entire mound as this cooks it against the hot stones.
a few months ago at ellas school they had a day where the kids got to dress up like what they want to be when they grow up. leading up to this day i explained this to ella and asked how she would like to dress up.
i believe that to some people who later heard the story she may have been perceived as a totally irresponsible person for letting a toddler get into such a predicament and not properly watching him while doing her job. yet to others she may have been viewed as a hero for acting so wisely in saving my life.
feel essential yet?
today i am sharing a sneek peek of the beautiful new felt that will be available april at stamp school walk down memory lane. honestly this felt is the softest and most beautiful felt i have ever felt haha
. iced green tea on a hot day
damn the credit crunch the bar where i used to organise monthly milonga has just succumbed to the lack of money (not) going around. its a huge blow everyone really liked the bar and if we except the floor it was perfect
bermuda is a tiny little chihuahua (maybe mixed with rat terrier) who is three years old. shes a little shy probably because shes so small shes pretty defenseless bermuda charmed me right away when i first met her. she cowered away when i tried to pet her but then she stood up on her hind legs and wrapped her "arms" around her foster dads leg... exactly like a toddler who doesnt want her mommy or daddy to leave the foster dad laughed kissed bermuda on the head and said that she always does that when she thinks hes leaving
smile be brave and know that you have given god a precious gift. you have given him the gift of your youth and beauty. the amazing thing about god is that he will not be outdone in generosity. hell take that gift youve given him and transform it into the most amazing gift youve ever known. in the blink of an eye youre going to see your children grow up and become beautiful and handsome strong and full of youthful vigor. some of them might even get married and someday have children of their own. your gift of youth and beauty will be multiplied many times over as each generation repeats the giving.
from the seniors to the youngsters everyone loves to wear watches. the contemporary technology and options have increased the choices for the people to select their watches according to their needs and the style preferences. there were times when the watches were generally worn by the men however as women started to work plenty of options in the watches started emerging in the world markets.
the survey should take approximately ten minutes to complete and will be entirely anonymous. it is for people who currently work aspire to work or who have previously worked in the industry.
computer font pooh.
the blue mist gathered into a small ball and then began to take the shape of a small black boy around the age of six or seven. russell can’t help but to grin at the solemn child standing before him.
and to get those juices flowing... let me show you some of the just released today digital images from pms suited perfectly for this challenge
or to have someone call you over to say they’d never even heard of a kolsch before tonight – and where can i get some more? even to see a hardened old vb stalwart (who only ever buys stubbies and not cans and never anything but vb) have even a few sips of hightail half a glass of hefeweizen a mere sniff of an apa made the night worthwhile. to hear that he had three pots of kolsch had me dancing on the table
run springs till
as i used to tell my friends up punta la marmora where the goats roam free i’ll see you all tomorrow when i’ll explain the basic logical operations of semiconductors eleven ways to sex a mollusc and how to do cpr using a couple of jumper cables and a bag of lemons.
the herald tribune reports that
soon it is time to ready the babies for the walk to the gate(s). sr. ellen has to get special passes for us as only ticketed people can go to the gates. going through security is quite an ordealwe have to put our shoes purses and bags through ... fold up the stroller and put it and babys bag through while holding the baby after passing the security check we get everyone settled in the correct stroller with the right bag and are off to the correct gate the surely has made things more difficult for us at sfo.
by filing this tiny form you will avoid the latefiling penalty normally five percent per month based on the unpaid balance. in addition any payment made with an extension request will reduce or eliminate interest and latepayment penalties.
hello there and how was your weekend? mine was good i played dodgeball of all things and im so sore i guess i havent used my dodgeball muscles in a while. or ever. anyway a couple things first you can still enter to win the qtip prize pack giveaway right here winner will be chosen later today. and second sara from the tang way recently interviewed little ol me and you can read all about it right here and third here comes some better after goodness hot and fresh from the oven for you
ive dreamed about this since i was a little girl chanel
spoke to the garage on friday to get some sort of update on what was going on guess what the instrument cluster needs replacing cost £ i pointed out the research id done and that this is a fault for which audi us and uk had been replacing the clusters for free apparently they knew nothing about this but did seem to remember alot of replacements a while ago.
 i love walking around with a little bitsy bundle in a sling.
as he struggled to make himself heard above the din. i thought of the blind. and of how their days are spent in darkness. always. yet here we were making such a fuss about a temporary lack of artificial light.
lydia had her first doctor appointment today and this was also the first time i had been to this pediatricians office. i really liked them. i told her about adam and that we may be in there a lot like crazy lunatic parents. she was really nice and told us to come in any time. she was very supportive. anyway lydia dropped to lbs oz when we left the hospital (she was lbs oz when born) and is up to lbs oz now. everything else is fine with her. we talked about her missing kidney and the doctor was not concerned at all. she said we dont have to do anything different or special with her as she gets older. the only thing to consider is when shes older and wants to play contact sports. obviously this isnt something we need to discuss for years so that was pretty much the end of the conversation. im so happy to hear that lydia can live a normal life. it was like i already knew that but hearing it from her pedi makes me feel better about the whole thing.
yep its the night before my birthday and linette is my date
superior digestibility
yay mimi and thank you so much.
you are to search throughout breetown for envelopes while the envelopes could be nearly anywhere on ledges etc.
the story of the orchestra we began with vivaldi this week read a short bio and listened to a portion of spring (from the four seasons) on the accompanying cd.
*barbchew toys
all who teach me something along the way
i had a ball doing this class just loved every minute and learnt so much.
i love the bright fun colors. for the title i used some american crafts thickers from my stash. the tag behind the title is also from my stash but not sure where i originally got it. i used a color mist from october afternoon comet tail orange to color the heidi swapp banner and to add some drops of color to the background paper. the journaling spot is die cut from spellbinders nestabilities labels one.
i hate all movements that disturb my pose
establish mobile police units in all
some former government officials say stepping up regulatory scrutiny of lawyers for their work on cases snared in investigations by the sec could send a chilling message. “the government needs to be careful not to deter lawyers from being zealous advocates for their clients” says john wood a former u.s. attorney for the western district of missouri.
i had hoped to be moving on from michael pollan’s comments on eating animals by now but after i finished composing my last post i realized that the situation nicely demonstrated a point that i consider important. so i’m back with at least one more post about foer. at least this post will make a different point.
as index finger rests
allantoin – uric acid from cows most mammals. also in many plants (especially comfrey). in cosmetics (especially creams and lotions) and used in treatment of wounds and ulcers. derivatives alcloxa aldioxa. alternatives extract of comfrey root synthetics.
and here is the finished result. they absolutely loved doing this and were great at sharing. i got this kit from john lewis and it was quite expensive at £ but i think it was well worth it for the fun it created.
what a selfish thing to waste my time on.
~mark twain
lisa our lovely ladybugs coordinator (and blogging genius) has organised a very exciting blog hop ladybug crafts inks first blog hop whoop whoop im only a teensy little bit excited (not im jumping up and down)
 insensible
comfortably numb 
did you feel like your cup was full or empty this week? what is jesus inviting you to do with the cup?
i chaperoned a middle school dance not too long ago and found myself watching two brothers interact in the goofy inside jokey way that only brothers can. and i smiled because my boys have each other.
this reminded me of something i saw a while ago – octopuses using coconut shells as shelter in a rare demonstration of tool use by an invertebrate. the researchers observed the octopuses carrying around coconut shell halves in a rather ungainly fashion and used them to hide under or in some cases carried two and ended up being sheltered inside the reassembled coconut. cool. this research was published by some staff at the museum of victoria (in current biology) and they also uploaded some videos of the octopuses as seen below. i love the way the octopus saunters past the camera at the start; and the excellent demo of how tubefeet work at the end.
i have never been tagged before so can i just break a rule and not tag anyone? rule breakers dont ask
i’m having a quiet night tonight. i have to take some people to cooktown at and then do the school run back here at then take some people to cooktown for the hospital at then bring them back after then do the afternoon school run. it’s going to be a big day again.
speciesism sexism racism and heterosexism are all bigotries rooted in the same underlying confusion that ignores morally relevant characteristics like sentience or interest in favor of morally irrelevant characteristics like species or race in providing equal consideration to others. and yet so many people are strong passionate advocates trying to eliminate one or more of these prejudices while ironically scoffing at another. it is common to see feminists lgbt activists and civil rights advocates ridicule concern over speciesism while blithely ignoring the underlying implications of their dismissal. many condemn the bigotry of others but cannot see their own.
me “…it was meant as a history buff or a lover of history…” being a history buff is not enough to say things like the bible is a viable historical document. it’s just not. but you called yourself a historian not a history buff. if your definition of a historian is someone who likes history and enjoys reading historical things then i’m a historian too. using your logic i’m also a gynaecologist.
i’m loving skype. since i can’t see family and friends in a short car ride i am relying on skype to keep me uptodate with what in going on with everyone. thank goodness for video chat moving would have been a lot harder before it.
well shopnbc was full of news today. some was good but a lot was bad.
minding my business at the pet store a man put his hand on my shoulder while asking me how many pets i have. raise your hand if youve ever heard the term personal space. yep i thought so. my kid even knows it. this is not ok. dont touch me.
i have no desire to forage for berries nuts and grubs and it’s been ages since i was invited on a bison hunt so i’ll pass on the paleo diet thing. as for giving up grains gluten dairy sugar alcohol and legumes i might be able to give up a couple of those things. legumes would be the easiest to do without. and despite my love affair with bread and pizza dough especially after it is topped with assorted meats veggies and cheese and baked in my oven i could probably go without those for a month too.
be funny? yes i should it would be so good right now. to just tell a few jokes and laugh it up. shake everything that troubles me. be a smiling comedian. no one likes the tears of a clown anyway.
 designers five shopping sprees each day. no one knows where the prizes will be each day of the hop justrite will have five mystery blog candy prizes hidden along the hop with a total retail value of $. justrite will randomly select five mystery blogs each day of the hop and randomly allocate each of the shopping sprees. for your chance to win simply leave a little love (a comment) on each designer’s blog including the justrite blog. the more designers you leave comments with the better your chances of winning. each day’s comments will remain open for three days. a winner from each of the mystery blogs’ comments will be randomly chosen using random.org. consult the listing of designers at the justrite blog each day (each day’s designers will be different) and start out on your way beginning friday march summaries of all the winners will be posted on the justrite blog. good luck to everyone and enjoy all the justrite eye candy along the hop
well today was an interesting day. i had the day off work because mum arrived last night and we’re having a long weekend together
oyster po boy for me and chili for my pal.
news flash legal challenge by pat finucane’s family to begin revenue to swoop on gaa clare council to send birthday greetings to ali psni officer killed by ‘rapidly fatal’ wound carroll gunman ‘fired ak from metres’ troubles have not gone away for trust’s residents hearing into real ira suspect’s death opens security forces warned over internet dangers two dissidents arrested with revolver catholics urged to help protestant neighbours teebane widow tells of heartache martin mcguinness ‘disturbed’ by boston college project ‘my husband will die in there’ legion ‘snub’ for sinn fein mayor kevin myers ‘it’s easy to forget the brave cavalrymen’ gardai swoop on cira pair and seize loaded gun four arrested over north belfast dissident bomb new psni powers used times for minor offences ombudsman probes new queries over uda murder prisoners staring into the abyss
at stanton wick about residents met to discuss the proposal to transform the former colliery site into permanent pitches and five transit pitches.
“”the whole universe throughout all its ten directions is the one bright pearl.’ its basic idea is that the whole universe throughout all its ten directions is not to be thought of as vast and grand or minute and insignificant nor as made up of angles and curves nor as the center or core of something else nor does it act like some lively fish darting about in a sea of space or like dewdrops brightly whirling in the wind. moreover because it is not something that was born and will die not something that is coming or going it is being born and dying coming and going all the time.”
. those eyes. those lips.
we did a warm up which made me heat up...then it was a little bit of salsa a little bit of tango a little bit of box step a little bit of hip hop moves a little bit of free style a little bit of bali....and then a lot of repeat.
son "i had to let my girlfriend know i would be on television."
the fire burns while the pen is in my hand
chandler was one of a number of africanamerican folk singersongwriters who were performing during the s but with the exception of richie havens most of them arent that well known today. chandler was a classically trained musician (oboe was his first instrument) who didnt get interested in folk singing until he was in college. his first performance of folk songs were actually sung with the new jersey symphony orchestra (he performed "black is the color of my true loves hair" and "wayfaring stranger"). he started writing songs for broadside and got involved in the civil rights movement and then got a record deal with columbia. among his compositions was the godawful novelty number "beans in my ears" as well as some songs written in support of the black panther party. (you can check his full discography here but other than a later e.p. and his work on the credibility gap comedy album it doesnt go much beyond these releases). he seems to have focused more on songwriting during the s and was a founder of the alternative chorussongwriters showcase. he also moved to la.
. olives from whole foods market @ home (phoenixville pa) p.m.
but he loved it and it looked great on him. success i would end this story with a vow of never again but i have to go finish a drawing i promised someone. even though i dont normally do custom portraits. yeah i know.
the committee for pastoral practice
if you have any organization ideas for me specifically or in general please email me at jobrycreationsatgmaildotcom. i’ll post anything that i love and i love everything) so please don’t hesitate to share
well my mum i think is a bit confused with my sudden love of pastel colours. i think she has the whole "youre a grown up. act like one" attitude to everything i like right now.
i remember searching for one line of text in my hardcover shakespeare’s complete works for most of one the night now i can find that same one line of text in a digital version of the book in less than a second bookmark it highlight it or copy it into notes not worrying about where my pen and paper were.
and heres a little bonus for all of my fellow new york rangers lovers. a fun shot of some of the guys letting loose at marc staals wedding reception (from left nyr captain ryan callahan defenseman dan girardi videographer damien gilbert winger brandon dubinsky and defenseman michael delzotto).
our local elected representatives envision a unit mixedincome mixeduse residential development for public place the six acre brownfield site which runs along the gowanus canal and smith street.
sadly this will be my eighth mother’s day to spend without my mother. she has missed some poignant milestones in my life and in the lives of my daughters. both melissa and katie were very young when she died so they don’t have a full reservoir of memories about grandmommy rhea. however they do have the legacy of faith that she helped instill in them as toddlers. she loved to send veggie tales tapes children’s bibles and devotional books.
check it out this weekend they should be done with the move by then.
. deep breath* place your veiner on the petal use your index finger to roll it with a tinge of pressure from one corner to the other.
it is amazing to look at the life of jesus ans see just what was really given
cedar city – east of city – no data available. wendover – wwii internment camp may be renovated.
hi andrea from smudgetastic has started a challenge blog called smudger challenge she is well known for her wonderfully dark and macabre projects. this is one of her digis its called voodoo girl and i totally love her.
in general it found that grammars in less wealthy areas were more likely to have pupils who entered them with lower academic attainment than other grammars.
we wont defeat islamic extremists by countering them with christian extremists like rick santorum who lie and are willing to undermine the military solely for the purpose of pandering to special interests from the state of pennsylvania.
it was last week when nama made an unscheduled announcement with some details of current events. it’s always welcome to get news on how the agency is performing though it would be better to get the quarter three report and accounts which have now been sitting on minister for finance brian lenihan’s desk for the past days. included in the announcement last week from nama was news of the sale of the montevetro building on barrow street in central dublin to internet search engine giant google. this is what nama had to say in respect of the transaction
to get the best gaming experience you should also check whether the display is capable of display high resolution graphics and you also need to find out how good is the sound output. it may not be advisable to play games while the laptop is running on battery. nevertheless gaming laptops should provide you with good battery backup.
this too shall pass away 
 watching bailey win the starring role on legally blonde (which i had guessed since i saw bailey outside a theatre on my last trip to nyc)
and everyone’s heart flies
fire something that plagues all of us in these hot conditions at this time of year. you only have to hear a distant helicopter and we are sniffing the air and checking the horizon for signs of fire. its actually quite a scary thing and something the spanish dont seem to get too hot under the collar about.
i first came across this garden when i interviewed the owner the renowned australian interior designer stuart rattle for the sydney morning herald and age newspapers sunday magazine. it was for story on city professionals who had moved to the countryside. he told me that when he first set eyes on the old dilapidated school house that would later become his home (above) it gave him something of an architectural shock. "i was expecting howards end" he confessed with a laugh "but this looked like the worlds end". but then he returned at twilight and in that shimmering golden light the old house made his heart skip a beat. "i no longer saw the reality" he said "but the fantasy."
sending love and light and everything good to you all tonight. xxx
so i had one of those awful revelations the one that you get in the middle of the night. anyways i was thinking about my other blog and that there is a link to it on a website with steps to be goth long story don’t ask. well i realized that another site said that you had to take it slow or else people would call you a poser. it made sense but now i just think that it is so very wrong.
youd better slow down
*jillibean southern chicken dumpling soup cardstock stickers
(then) cardinal ratzinger would have been primarily charged with evaluating the doctrinal issues regarding fr. murphy’s alleged violation of the sacrament of reconciliation … not the abuse allegations.
clean the grease from the microwave
“always in motion is the future.” ~yoda
these were in my hot little hands just days after ordering...
may am cdt
i havent mentioned the police academy films yet as so many of the foundry street cops seem to be based upon characters from that series. that is certainly the case with the third figure in line who passes a very close resemblance to the overly gungho eugene tackleberry. to be honest he is too tall for an accurate representation of tackleberry so maybe youd be better of using the name given to him by foundry baker. the addition of the sunglasses is a nice touch.
a man turns back. he pulls me to my feet and urges me on.
.) glee (the plot is stupid but i just love the songs and if you don’t think while watching it you’ll enjoy it)
as i’m sitting here blogging he is working to assemble and install a new light for our kitchen. he’s been at it for three hours (on a sunday afternoon). and it’s not because the old light bothered him in the least. but he knows that it would make his hormonal pregnant wife very very happy.
okay here are two photos of the final products with a mm orc lurking in the woods for reference
as a result of its daddriven epiphany kc has pulled the offending commercial. youll no longer see it on channels and or on any of the comcast or verizon cable channels serving the richmond metro area. itll be replaced by another presumably inoffensive one.
creative and decided to do a lil playing and
 so then as through one trespass for all men resulting in judgment so also through one righteous act to all men resulting in justification and life. for as through the disobedience of the one many were made sinners so also through the obedience of the one man will the many be made righteous. but the law entered that the trespass should increase but where sin increased grace abounded.. so that just as sin reigned in death so also grace may reign through righteousness resulting in eternal life through jesus christ our lord. (romans possessing the treasure new testament v)
the th annual ponderosa stomp takes place april and at the rock n bowl mid city lanes in new orleans. this years enticing lineup of r&b swamp pop garage rock and rockabilly cats features scotty moore (elvis sun recordsera guitarist) link wray roy head archie bell barbara lynn billy swan blowfly lazy lester and lots more. ace drummer earl palmer will serve as master of ceremonies.
they roll one of each color and make funny sentences or really great story starters.
between monticellos
self conscious over you – the outcasts
if you have accepted jesus christ as your lord and savior what are you going to do with this information? it appears as a great salvation plan and you are thinking it should have been preached to the unsaved. that is true and i hope one day that i will have the privilege of preaching this to the lost.
to the people who ive worked with at summer camps or worked with me when i was a camper (lv and amisk you rock) through youth work and to the rp detachment at kildonan...wouldnt be doing what i do if i hadnt learned something from you along the way.
so grumpy old dimitri mendeleyev was working late one night trying to work out what the world was made of as you do and he fell asleep. and he dreamt the periodic table. and thereby changed history. (obviously someone else would have got there eventually by the more normal route of damned hard work but lucky old dm just dreamt it.)
i pick out all the edge pieces like this
salt – as required
when you were young you were a savior of despair
how to wear red lipstick
if you ignore a ruling or refuse to comply you can have your licence pulled because membership in the council is often a requirement of the licence.
according to the woonsocket centennial history the dedication was an international event with a highprofile visit by marshall ferdinand foch commander of the allied forces in europe during world war i. foch participated in the dedication of “place jolicoeur” the monumental plaza alongside fire station .
mineral oil is not easily absorbed into your skin (it has nothing your skin needs) so it sits on top of your skin. many experts will say that this is more of a moisturizing effect since it does not let any moisture escape your skin. this may be true but it also does not let your skin breathe or absorb any more moisture. i’d find that products with mineral oil (specifically my shesido eye cream) looked like they were moisturizing on the surface because it was forming a shiny oily layer on top of my skin. underneath it was really drying out my skin so over time my fine lines actually got worse if i only knew
have a good day and i will too
with either pessimism or with a clear view of reality he told the other disciples “let’s also go with him that we may die with him.” thomas looked at all the options and expected the worst he could die along with jesus. but he was still willing to go with jesus. he may have been a pessimist but a courageous one.
life has taught her by degrees
the information obtained from isi about the abbottabad compound explains the otherwise mysterious remark by president barack obama on the night of the raid. "it is important here to note" obama said "that our counterterrorism cooperation with pakistan helped lead us to bin laden and the compound he was hiding in."
says you could be here once again
if you ever want to see what it would be like if i had a stroke turn on christmas music. i suddenly and uncontrollably start screaming nonsense and start batting at those fucking noisemaking machines (radios usually) until they shut the fuck up. ive had a series of strokes since early november. i would rather listen to a symphony of
then i started seeing a series of great broadway musicals. i saw productions of the king & i and guys and dolls. you know all the great musicals of that period and i fell in love with show business. i became fascinated with show business. meanwhile at night my parents were not allowing me to watch television cause they considered it uncultured. so i was always listening to the radio. and to this day im still mad with them cause i really missed out on the golden age of comedy on television.
you are fiercely stubborn
combine the sour cream with the lime juice zest jalapeno salt and pepper. mix shredded green cabbage in with the crema and refrigerate for about minutes.
 pm slt – pm slt
your airframe appeared suddenly the wormhole to interrupt the way.
congratulations to karen ellen and catherine ladies please email me your postal addresses at the email on my profile or in my sidebar. tonight (if i dont hear from them first) ill be sending emails karen and catherine and dropping a comment onto ellens blog. in hindsight i guess i should have asked for everyone to provide an email address if one wasnt available in their profile or on their blog when i set up the giveaway. live and learn. )
instead of coming up with a generic and stereotypical list of the qualities of an ideal and unrealistic man i’m studying what it takes to be a better man and better yet doing what it takes to become a better man.
what you can win? ahh as usually we have the smashing $ voucher up for grabs if you use a tps image on your creation. we really would love to see more of using them so we can give away our vouchers. if you use another brand of image the prize will be three digis of your choice. thats nice too even if you get so many more images for the $ voucher. )
or most of the countries in asia. russia. china.
here she is at work.
ntscal selectable
venue st. anthony’s high school chembur mumbai
press garlic with a garlic press and mix in a pinch of salt mix together well with the back of a spoon. combine the garlic and salt with the coconut milk curry paste and brown sugar in a small bowl. stir in the lemon juice and dried cilantro then whisk in the oil. let stand while you prepare the rest of the salad. adjust to taste before pouring on salad.
kristin dunst and charlotte gainsbourg star as two sisters the former gets married in the first part and they are coming to terms with the end of the world descending upon them. a new planet is being seen melancholia (hence the name) and it looks as if it is going to eclipse planet earth. there’s not really anything else to say which was one of my main problem’s with this film.
here’s some details about him
in short there is no tension between the will of god on the one hand and the law on the other for the law is also of god. rather the law is foundational.
mms (multimedia messaging)
what would you add to the list? share your suggestions in the comment box below.
one concept was to me bold strong and a bit modern looking instead of understated. not what i would normally select. i put it aside concentrating on the others until i went back and reviewed a question he had asked and my answer which was build a "brand".
ribbon ribbon and more ribbon
other than turning into a slut getting std’s or pregnant.
the sale was a great success. we had artists selling their work. everything from pottery to weaving fabric "paintings" decorated gourds jewelry and more. we were a part of the grove parkavenwood garden tour and had about people visit our artists.
also how do you have more money in your pocket? work. you slug your way out climb up the corporate ladder do plenty of ots just to earn a few more bucks. by the time you get home you’ll be too tired to have a proper bonding session with your children. having kids and seeing them only a few hours each day and two full days is not going to help bond the kid with the parents.
but would she still be the babe? my babe. our babe.
she knows more than you will admit.
a beautiful literary book about writing haiku in the spirit of haiku
the rain drop paper is from imaginisce with others from my scrap stash. the girl is cut from the enjoy the seasons cart.
to that end he said he had instructed all pastors and youthgroup leaders to no longer schedule sports games and practices on sunday mornings which he said were major diversions.
been denied all visitations with his natural parents even though
erin ran back saying her personality has completely transformed and then jie jie came to get me and bring me to her clothes. she wanted to change her clothes into her new clothes. this was also something unexpected. many children coming from an orphanage situation do not necessarily want to take off their clothes right away. it helps them to feel secure to keep them. i have read numerous stories where the children even want to sleep in their clothes and wear them for days. this was not going to be the case for jie jie.
blowing cool stagnant strains of bacteria
hi its me faith a.k.a. markies mom. when i volunteered to focus on inkssentials pens this week i think i heard a collective groan from the flourishes... they were certain my card would be filled with dots. in my own defense dots are easy inexpensive embellishments to any card or d project. and i love them however i wanted to share another favorite technique with you today.
 carrot julienned
these are the truths that lexi has heard all her life.
by joy harjo
abbiamo incontrati amici.
well o’connor was just quoted in us weekly about stud muffin brad pitt’s engagement ring to his longtime baby mama angelina jolie. pitt apparently finally popped the question giving jolie a huge what appears to be rectangleshaped diamond bauble.
“and i like existing.”
hurricane katrina tossed the ideal right out the window. in addition to suffering a tremendous family disappointment we are facing insurance and other hassles worrying about money living in somebody else’s house sharing said house with members of our extended family (for a total of twelve people) trying to find what we need in an unfamiliar town and feeling completely removed from the resources we usually rely on. add into that our concern for our relatives and other residents of the gulf coast who’ve lost so much more than we have and i’m sure you can see that we are unschooling in less than ideal circumstances right now.
natalya won second prize in the houston grand operas eleanor mccollum competition earlier this year and although theres no video from last nights ferrier final there is a sample from houston comè scoglio from così fan tutte no small order for any soprano at any time. brava natalya we look forward to loving your voice for many happy years.
enter bjorn lomborg. lomborg is not a denier but he is a denialist hero because he gave them their one really strong argument for doing nothing or next to nothing. global warming is happening he says and it’s a problem but it’s not a big problem and certainly not so big that we have to ditch our way of life. the reason this is a strong argument is that it doesn’t make the mistake of denying the science — futile as lomborg knows and as i hope you do by now — it just says that the outcome may not be that bad. scientists can’t say he’s wrong because the future of a complex system — climate combined with human civilisation — is inherently unpredictable.
because everyone should have a smoky eye in their arsenal and you can do it with any color. keeping color off of the bottom lashline keeps it from going over the top (and honestly i hate lining the lower lashline). not sure why the photo looks extra greenish sorry
after weeks in primary fermentation at degrees it came down to . which was pretty normal and it had a great yeasty flavors of cloves anise and black pepper. .it was real tasty as well
because mersault has become an object of derision for the crowd he understands that they do not fully grasp his particular humanity his agency. for them he is merely a vessel into which to pour their malign engagement. the crowd unlike either mersault or the ‘benign indifference’ of the universe with which he feels so closely bonded is intensely aroused and judgemental. they have found a type of meaning in directing their anger towards a person an idea – even if it is a false one. he and the universe in which he has finally found a brotherhood has been fatally misunderstood.
we did the faces of easter and this morning. this was my first time using this material and i was extremely impressed with the wondering time which allows the children to help tell the story with items they see in the classroom.
and on friday hilary celebrates a naive painter and his unlikely influence on a generation of english artists in alfred wallis artist and mariner by robert jones.
wendy did you want to stay in your chrysalis?
izzat skip? izzat skip decorating the foxs tree?
the secret people by g. k. chesterton
since it was created the phrase “get off the phone” has been yelled throughout households all around the world. whether you had chores to do homework or you were just running up the bill you had to get off the phone.
time for a savoury dish again. it suddenly got very cold here over the weekend so out come the chilies to warm us up. first time i heard about huevos rancheros was on jamie olivers tv show jamies america. his version of this classic mexican dish called for the eggs to be poached in the tomato chili sauce rather than top the sauce with a fried egg and this is what we incorporated in to our version as well. this recipe is great for breakfast or when you have brunch with friends as you can prepare the sauce in advance (or even make a lot and freeze some) and then just heat it up and poach your eggs. i am not a big fan of runny egg yolk so mine are usually well done but just cook them for a shorter time if you like them wobbly and runny.
