In the years thereafter, most of the Oil fields and platforms were named after pagan “gods”.
could be added to the gallery wall.
so …
to see all the paca (provence alpes côte d'azur) michelin rankings go here:
cake is always a very big party of wedding days with that being said i've only ever eaten cake at one friends wedding and that is simply because it was forced down my throat by the groom. odd yes but it was a prank the bride and groom tried to play on myself and the bestman. i saw the prank coming a mile away and mouthed to the bestman to "duck" he didn't understand and as i ducked and ran he got cake smashed in his face by the bride. the groom then chased me down and around the dance floor finally tackling me and giving me cake. thankfully he and i are very close friends or i might have been really pissed not only at my brideff but at him too. most weddings i go to i'm too busy dancing or drinking to care about sweets so while i was excited about planning my cake for my own wedding i wasn't really concerned about eating it.
his gentle tug on swollen lips confirms that fact
equal to the
so onto our spotlight this week we loved visiting your blogs to see your weather themed creations. this week the spotlight has fallen on.....lisa c with this beautiful creation
on may let alleigh know your wine choice by:
in true optimist fashion i've decided to post a few of the things i'm most looking forward to about our move.
well and i admitted to have left matches in one of the bags and they wanted me to take them out. since they might explode i guess. they also asked me to remove the disconnected battery which i did assuming i would have to get a replacement in the usa (annoying but it wasn’t like i could ride away) but instead it was taped inside a box and strapped to the seat with bungie cords. not really sure what that was supposed to accomplish other than making it more likely to spill.
brazilian portuguese and
 pages £.
over the next three days i learned how to be a mama of babies in the nicu. i learned about beeps and alarms and threehour schedules. i saw the names on the isolettes and knew those were my babies. i saw their daddy's nose on their tiny raw faces and knew those were my babies. i was pumping my breast milk every two hours around the clock to give to my babies. but it was a very intellectual experience. my brain knew those were my babies.
exhausting him
a business owner’s policy (bop) might be the perfect fit for your small business insurance needs. make sure you understand exactly what is and what is not covered and if needed secure additional coverage to fill in any gaps. by leveraging the cost savings provided by bop coverage businesses can ensure they have the protection they need at a price they can afford.
for the past several years i have celebrated chinese new year in my classroom. my school has a decent number of chinese children and i always have a couple in my class. their faces light up when they find out we are spending the day learning about their culture.
for so many years i was so incredible in manifesting anything that i wanted in my world. i would write it in my journal i would visualize it and i would believe it. within months months or any time frame i set it would show up. i know manifestation works because i’ve done it tried it and succeeded at it. and now i’m taking a really deep long breath breathing into my heart and soul and being and just knowing that the right people the right opportunities and clients are going to all come. i need to get out of my own way of any negative feelings and selfdoubt. i mean listen i’m human. i know i need some of that or else i’d be on the stratosphere to the moon.
open boat time
 support the entrenchment of lgbti issues into broader social justice issues through the financing of community lead and nationally owned projects.
this is actually about me being part of the school publication the lasallian. my parents actually my dad doesn’t approve of me joining such organization. i had experienced writing in publications in high school but this is a different thing. i never thought i’d be accepted in the lasallian. it gave me confidence and pride that somehow i can really write.
i turned to the only place i could. to some online acquaintances that tim and i had known from our early spiritualhamanisticreamtime healing experiences. i didn't stay with them long either because some of their methods were those that were forceful and uninvited by myself... but there was this one guy named jack.
as it was when we finally worked our way up to trotting as i would squeeze with my legs and push her forward she would round up and come back to me in a way as she shoved off and went into a trot. the reins would go slack a bit and i had no contact as we moved off and sped up. that was a little unsettling for me but as we moved a few strides along she started to stretch out and down. then she would stop. no reason just stopped. it took a while and we finally went around on an egg shaped circle and made it most of the way around before she would stop again. we were making progress though so i couldn't argue or complain.
when i created this blog six years ago i remember sitting with a blank mind in front of a blank screen. what do i write? what do i title my blog? how do i sum up what i have yet to write? somehow the phrase “somewhere inbetween” emerged from my hovering fingertips. where it came from i still do not know. at the time i had a sense that i was living a nomadic lifestyle wandering without a map. i felt like i was somewhere inbetween homes and somewhere inbetween a child and a parent.
her june obit in the new york times was short and to the point: dora lillie mahler was the "devoted daughter of tillie and the late meyer mahler dear sister of henrietta burk; david mahler; sarah smith; morris mahler; ida volk; and mary markell." i wish i knew more about greataunt dora.
contact mileageplus by mail or phone
what am i missing?
don't trust the pull
a moroccan immigrant in spain has been sabotaging his employer’s exports by concealing broken glass in shipments of lettuce. many thanks to our spanish correspondent hermes for translating this article from diario de avisos:
one of the first thing we noticed about the gtx is its size and weight — or lack thereof. it may look like a standard highend graphics card on top but nvidia put kepler’s pcb on a diet. the card comes equipped to cover all your display needs with two dvi outputs one hdmi and one displayport. flip it over and it’s surprisingly short.
however addressing dysfunctions within a dominant coalition can be among the most risky for a consultant. as with any performance review it is not enough to generally identify a perceived problem. specific examples must be provided but done so in a manner that allows members of the coalition to save face. often this means allowing coalition members a significant role in developing processoriented solutions while not forcing a “whose fault is it” discussion of the problems.
the older brother had to go to town so he helped the carpenter get the materials ready and then he was off for the day. the carpenter worked hard all that day measuring sawing nailing and hammering.about sunset when the farmer returned the carpenter had just finished his job. the farmer’s eyes opened wide his jaw dropped. there was no fence there at all.
aerobic exercise is the best choice to lose belly fat a headtohead comparison of aerobic exercise resistance training and a combination of the two reveals aerobic exercise to be the most efficient and effective way to lose the belly fat that's most damaging to your health. while resistance training is great for improving strength and body mass aerobic exercise helps you burn more calories. what counts is how much exercise you do according to duke university researchers.
release date : october 
pour the pudding into a large bowl (or if preferred individual coffee cups) and cover tightly with plastic wrap so a skin doesn't form on top of the pudding.
busy signal dem call the police
when someone is speaking a grownup let's say
but as far as we know "pic sports line" is not a daily show and airs only on mondays (a fact confirmed by the promo which told listeners to tune in for the show on monday nights).
of you have read the book "fifty shades of grey"
i found this a pleasant enough read of the faux timetravel sort (there's no point in expecting historical accuracy) and the catloving girl suffering through the blahs of sixth and seventh grade would probably enjoy it a lot more.
the workshop will be a 'field to studio' based class. we'll spend about two days in the field making preparatory studies and taking photos and then take all of that information back into the studiofor three days to design and work up larger paintings. during the week i will demonstrate my entire process for using the studies from nature to create a more complex considered and larger painting in the studio. i encourage you to bring along a laptop and camera to view any reference sources to use in addition to your field studies. the link to the school below will take you to a page of workshop information. you can scroll down to see the description and registration information for my class. i'd love to work with you there if you think it's something that would be of interest.
hello friends
mate: so what do you think is the most dangerous car on the road?
back in when christine bakke and i founded beyond exgay we discussed how those of us who have been through reparative therapies and exgay ministries need an opportunity to put on the record what we did why we did it what were the outcomes. so many other people have told our stories for us but in the act of sharing it for ourselves we can get more clarity and get a little bit more beyond our often harmful experiences to alter our orientation or gender differences.
we learned about ike the horse's first home.
minutes become hours. hours days. before we know it years have passed.
but this year after only years of marriage i have finally figured it out. even though they say we are not going to exchange gifts they don't mean it. that is actually code for "bring gifts. something nice preferably."
sets of images from two more currently unposted weddings (both of which encompassed my past two weekends)
investors focused on greece’s fiscal woes for much of the three months. as agreement on a second bailout package for the troubled country grew more certain market sentiment and share prices focused on the positive. an infusion of liquidity by the european central bank also helped stocks particularly the financials sector by ensuring that banks would not run out of cash over the near term. germany europe’s largest economy was among the better performers with its best first quarter since .
one of the best pieces of advice given to me blogging wise was from jeff bell aka stonch. "forget all that moderation and password stuff. you won't get enough spam or nutcases to make it worthwhile and people don't like it." he was right.*
. pass the potatoes through a potato ricer and into a bowl.
after you repent about lying do you still feel bad? or do you trust that god really forgave you?
at this point as my readers have doubtless guessed we’ve strayed into the realm of magical combat. you’ll notice that lightning bolts from wands and incantations in bad latin are not involved; those belong to cheap fantasy fiction not to actual magic. instead the combat is a struggle of narratives or if you will of ways of structuring experience. among the tools that practitioners of mass thaumaturgy use to weave their spells are emotionally charged images and ideas that trigger the hardwired binary reaction in our brains. among the effective options for doing battle with them in turn is ternary logic which defuses the binary reaction so that whatever issue is up for discussion can be put back into its actual context and is no longer seen exclusively through the filter of foodonfood predatoronpredator and the like.
with their volumes in gold and in brown;
the officer went to his car with john’s license and sat on the radio for several minutes as john walked to the mustang. he took only a few steps before the officer’s spot light hit him from behind causing a slight stutterstep as he neared the trunk of the car. as he peeked in the rear passengerside window to see charlotte still asleep the spot light faded. john turned back towards the police car and walked slowly hands in his front pockets as he watched distant headlights approaching followed by tail lights shrinking away. one particular set of headlights grew closest followed by a rectangular set of yellow lights that outlined the trailer of an eighteenwheeler rumbling towards him. as it drew near he closed his eyes and accepted the burst of warm air and exhaust left in its wake.
gazette bulletin number cr:
to az
one of the things our kaiser optifast group leader emphasizes especially now that we are out of the phase rapid weight loss phase is that to live with a meal plan for the longterm it has to be foods we like if we are eating stuff to lose weight or maintain weight loss but we don’t feel happy and satisfied or we are trying to keep eating stuff we don’t care for it won’t work for the longterm. we’ll get bored or feel deprived and want variety treats etc. it’s human nature since humans are basically pleasuredriven creatures…
fast forward to just this last december my wife was in one of her moods and decided to reorganize the attic on a cold saturday morning. having learned my lesson after numerous issues with her instinctive need to move stuff around i carefully accounted for all my precious crap making sure it did not go missing. my son was not so lucky a box containing his legos and other toys from his early years ended up donated to the local goodwill. what upset my son in particular were the plastic toy soldiers that he had inside that box.
immigrants are blamed for taking our jobs or conversely are accused of being benefits scroungers living off the welfare state. well if they are in the country they will either be working or claiming benefits so this line of attack is really pointless. if they work they are accused of taking jobs which belong to the people but if they don't they are attacked for not working never is the question asked as to why they are here and who brought them here.
‘he couldn’t remember what happened’ christl said. ‘he thought he was in a car accident.’
challenge : april 
and most important of all
perfect show. and then perfect dessert at a place called the dessert truck. chocolate bread pudding and chocolate lava cakes with homemade ice cream. then off to sleep off the food coma i was headed into.
i wonder how many of persephone's customers have been drawn there by womanly wordormouth? sarah in oxford told elizabeth and elizabeth in new york told me and i have told all of my bookish friends about this special place. it isn't meant to be a bestkept secret but i'm often surprised by how many of persephone's most obvious customers aren't aware of its existence. the induction of an oregonian is one thing but some of my fellow austenians hadn't known about it either.
here is a copy of the proposed menu (which is subject to change):
so we made each one of the kids something homemade this year. granted i can't seem to remember for the life of me what we made our lil ape baby...hmm.
green like a forest with farms scattered throughout.
“ekki múkk” is the first song made public and should be familiar to the fans by now
postscript:
 bag of preshreddix coleslaw mix (or approx head shredded cabbage medium sized shredded carrots)
at the same time dilla was ushering in his own group the detroitbred slum village whom many called the successors to a tribe called quest. dilla never seemed happy with that comparison however and always insisted sv was harderedged and more materialistic than the native tongues.
what does it all mean? that's not for us to decide. but what you can help decide is the new name for the former "sun devil ale". show san tan your support and vote. better yet stop by for a pint. i'm sure you will enjoy it.
i'm back at the sauce and i am at a loss as to which style to sample. i'm still pretty far from the beers needed to get a plate on the wall so i'm still drinking the beers on the fire sale. this means i'm going for the new belgium seasonal springboard. the lady tells me that this is a blonde ale so blonde ales it is for the night.
**the mixture will thicken as it cools. one method to test thickness of jelly is to drop a little onto a very cold surface. if the jelly does not run then it is thick enough).
plain and simple i want the opportunity to parent a girl child. i want the bows the frills the tea parties the obnoxious barbie shoes that will mingle with the legos in my life. and darn it i'm tired of apologizing for that desire. i want a grown up relationship with my daughter whatever that may be. i want to see things through her eyes. i want to be the mother of the bride. i want to watch my husband with a pink bundle. to watch him dance with her. to stop being excluded from motheraughter lunches spa days and picture options. (not that i let those terms stop me. those who know me know i've shown up with a boy or two in tow to picture sessions and lunches).
its an apple problem so if you run into this go do the apple store.
note: layout for this page only with photo of an old building in montreal by eleanor angeles
a businessman told city press he had to pay money into the trust after malema assisted him to obtain a limpopo government tender. property developer david mabilu and building material supplier steve bosch have been identified as other benefactors of the trust.
duration: .. 
when reading for our recent pitchmadness we noticed the entries that didn't make it to the agent match was because the first words weren't hooking us. there wasn't a unique element to pull us in the setting was right but the action was too familiar or the story started in the wrong place. so we decided to do another workshop focusing solely on the opening page.
i've made some blog awards of my own. partly because i keep seeing the same ones floating around the blogosphere but mostly because i'm off my meds. these were made up on a whim (which will explain a few things once you scroll down) and specifically designed so i wouldn't find out later that i had stolen the imageikenessdea of someone else would would want to sue me or throw tomatoes at my house or whatever the punishment is for being an unintentional copycat. if these exist already i appologize. and i'll give you the number of my psychiatrist. now without further ado i bring you:
those goals aren’t necessarily by design says knuble.
i have a website www.alisongibbs.com where i sell my vintage line of jewellery along with other jewellery and artistic creations preloved and vintage treasures.
schlessinger: i don't get it. if anybody without enough melanin says it it's a horrible thing; but when black people say it it's affectionate. it's very confusing. don't hang up i want to talk to you some more. don't go away.
next up in splice ville a plain navy floral madras combo
wishes going badly are certainly valid plot hooks vengeance demons grant wishes in buffy and if they're not bad already they sure go that way but so are wishes going well albeit in a lighterhearted kind of story.
eye sew the seed
being fly translates into any language. it doesn't matter if you rock an edgy salwar kameez in mumbai or a hot samba skirt in sao paulo fly is fly. and right now i'm fly in korean because my current fave tshirt showcases a cool chick with a korean phrase above. besides the vivid cornflower blue hue and the beautifully hand drawn illustration what really sold me on this tee was the meaning of that phrase. it says "everyone's entitled to my opinion" i had to have it. but chicago designer anna hovet creates a tempting slew of culturally clever signature tees that had me dizzy with the possibilities. i seriously considered snatching up all of these $ tshirts.
so tugger may have been shifted to the spare room with a telly and dvd system to play his no doubt extensive collection of grumble flicks on. i wonder if she has claimed for a windscreen wiper in order to keep the screen clean from tugger's emissions?
i'm not addicted but it's a habit which is starting to make me unhappy and therefore one that needs breaking. besides anything else i take a lot of medication already for my behcets disease – methotrexate (an anticancer drug) sulphasalazine (an antirheumatic) celecoxib painkillers (sometimes morphine based.) i won’t bore you with them all but you can see the amount of toxins my system has to cope with. i really shouldn’t punish my body by adding more.
the incumbents were munn (snp) munro (labour) thomas (libdem). the turnout last time was out of . the results are all on edinburgh council elections ward – leith.
) skip hotel breakfasts. since hotel rates are already exorbitant given the constant demand in paris save the additional costs of having breakfast in the hotel. go to one of the bistros and buy yourself a croissant (a flaky puff pastry) or pain au chocolate (puff pastry with bits of chocolate in the centre) with un café. this should set you back by a few euros opposed to the € breakfast you would have to pay for in hotels. if weather permits consider sitting in one of the parks or along the river seine and have a morning picnic.
the italian had said that the title race was over insisting united would win the league regardless of their defeat to wigan and draw with everton and the yearold admits that it took some pressure off the team.
although set in paris the film is blessedly free of the usual tourist fantasia shots of the eiffel tower out every window and indeed many of the most memorable moments are on studio sets. the sequence where hepburn arrives back to her marital home early on to find it stripped bare of every possession is both dramatically powerful and visually striking with hepburn becoming increasingly frantic as she runs from room to room. the scenes in hepburn's hotel are equally clever: donen makes much play with the ways in which the characters move from one room to another within the establishment (it occasionally reminded me of the precise mapping of space in another hepburn film breakfast at tiffany's).
vi lascio sperando che questa card vi piaccia almeno quanto è piaciuta a me e in ogni caso spero di essere stata d'ispirazione.
the first person point of view is told by “i”. this gets the reader immediately into the character’s head but it limits you in perspective because you can only tell what’s going on from his or her perspective. do you have some vital information that only the bad guy or the best friend knows? it doesn’t matter. unless the hero finds it out for himself you can’t use it. nothing can happen that “i” doesn’t know. it limits who the reader gets to know but it does allow the reader to get to know the main character really well. note: the main character must be a strong individual in order to carry the entire story.
and two times two is three and a half;
tuesday had me boozing it up with andraste and fresh hell (missing her favorite tv show’s premiere) and we had ourselves a time. old knudsen and dive we so talked about you. we also shared stories of drink music baseball men folk (i know what spouse’s name is) gabbing and gabbing until we were drowned out by the karaoke performers—and then we laughed. the rest of you boston blog friends missed a great time. you know who you are. plus ten
while the famiy loves and appreciates the visitors it is best that marissa not be in large crowds of people with tons of questions etc. she just needs to take it one person and one day at a time.
so this brings us to december when i did something obnoxious to my foot.
but we know that her teeth were already rotten from eating too much sugar. we know that she suffered from panic attacks which made her sweat and she smothered herself with perfume. we know that her beautiful jewelencrusted dress smelled of damp and it would have been rubbed with lavender and roses and thyme to mask it. we know that the hair is real – but a wig.
we come now to the fourth feast the adoration of the magi. after the soul by god’s grace has spiritually conceived brought forth and named this dear child the three kings understood here as the three powers of the soul resolve to go in search of the child already revealed to them in the royal city that is in the structure of the created universe.
did you notice we are going storm doorless? i made our contractor promise he would come back in january to hang it if we are freezing our butts off. i hope we can make it without. now i just need to figure out which mailbox to order and what to do about house numbers.
line cup muffin tin with paper liners
building on what things like evil dead and return of the living dead did in the 's and shaun of the dead and especially the scream franchise did last decade director and coscreenwriter drew goddard and producer and coscreenwriter joss whedon have taken tight hold of the horror genre and squeezed and twisted and folded and mutilated it until it screamed for mercy then pushed it just a bit further until it figuratively and literally (not to give any spoilers away) came tumbling down on its own already fractured head. an elaborately structured m.c. escher house of cards that not only deconstructs the genre in all its giddy metacinema glory (or gory) but also gives it the kick in the ass wakeup call it has so desperately needed for oh so long. this ladies and gentlemen is the cabin in the woods. for those in the more selfaware camp of moviegoers (i.e. the film geeks and cinephiles among us) this film should delight and entice. for those looking for your typical horror flick good luck.
but other times he mimics our caring acts whether it’s helping polly get something that is out of her reach or finding toys to entertain her while ava and i are cleaning up the dishes. he is particularly quick to seek out ways to comfort her in times when he anticipates she’ll be upset.
the king hearts gathered great expectations even before it started to air as it was to be a collaboration between producer lee jae gyu of damo and ha ji won and lee seung gi had left both kbs’s night days and sbs’strong heart in order to participate in the drama. through those variety shows lee seung gi had already become the nation’s little brother with his relatable ‘clumsy’ image. the dramas famous princesses shining inheritance and my girlfriend is a gumiho which he took on while he was at the same time appearing in variety added onto his reputation when they became great hits. the king hearts which he gave his full concentration after leaving all of his shows however is slipping ever farther away from the top and viewership ratings continue to drop.
. cold grits it's your thing
not exactly “new” music but here’s an unreleased demo of janis joplin’s classic “me & bobbe mcgee” done as a solo acoustic. you can hear it and read about “the pearl sessions” and an interview with her sister here.
the conflict in mali is certainly multicausal. it would be foolish to suggest otherwise. had qadhafi remained in power a tuareg rebellion may well still have broken out in mali at some point. but just because an event is multicausal does not mean the importance of one of those causes should be minimized. as dan murphy writes “what seems clear is that the timing of all this is inextricably linked to events last year in libya.” events did not have to play out in this way and to take the particularly chaotic form they did.
luckily i woke up then. i don't think i could have delivered that essay.
i bet they were.
it has come out bigger than usual so i haven't really put much of a border on.
it was after this leadership retreat that i began to see the importance of bringing leadership together away from the church. leadership retreats serve many purposes but in my view they serve to bring leadership together to make great decisions on behalf of the ministry of the church. some how when we are away from “life” and the “life of ministry” we begin to let our guard down we are more able to step out into faith and we are able to focus on the ministry of the church. it also brings the team together.
i can assure you that it's every bit as difficult as it sounds.
i will be here (will you be here)
pinch of cayenne
gaining at least one "bead" for my collection to the jar. gaining means to take a step toward my wished future where i will communicate a different way... namely i dare to share my inner needs to take on my thoughts feelings needs. to master in this language needs to practice .. at least one situation a week. usually there would be more occassions only i do not dare to show my inner self... but without practice i won't reach my aim...
i can no longer say it's been five years since i've had a date. phew
with oneclick and drag and drop utility accessibility features that let you accomodate people with disabilities and the ability to include photo galleries video interactive diagrams d objects and more ibooks author looks like a pretty cool app. but the devil is in the detailsin this case the end user license agreement that users of the app agree to when they download the software.
he said ‘let us keep the feast not with old leaven neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth’.
it was a beautiful sunny morning with little wind. beautiful running weather. my marathon went pretty well for the first miles. i hit miles at :. not fast but not terrible either. i'd been having twinges of cramps but was able to keep running through them. after things went downhill. by miles i was cramping regularly. by i was doing a fair amount of walking and a lot of stopping to try to massage out my leg cramps predominantly in my adductors and hamstrings. they were relentless. i'd never had to stop so many times. i walked most of the last miles. mile was : and mile was :. ouch. literally. i was moaning and crying even. the adductor cramps are so incredibly painful. many people stopped to see if i was ok or needed transport to the finish. beth wengler came by several times on her bike to give me water. a stranger gave me his water bottle. then another stranger gave me water from a bottle they were carrying. i had no idea who'd drank from these bottles but i didn't care. i was really warm had stopped sweating had salt stains all over my clothes and was dearly wishing i'd had my electrolytes. kate adams came by in the last mile and had a bag of coarse salt which she shared with me. (salt tasted great.) twice when i was unable to move either leg due to several muscles in each leg spasming i didn't think i'd finish. the second time i was less than mile from the finish. right after i finished they handed me water and my muscles were spasming so bad that they eventually put me in a wheelchair. they wanted me to lay down but i know from experience what happens then. i can't get up. so i downed two bottles of water and a cup of broth and kept walking around until the cramps released. i had a few in the car on the south side of the cities but for the most part after i stopped running they quit. anyway i'm very embarrassed at my finish time. my marathon times are getting slower and slower and slower. so discouraging. i'm proud that i finished but embarrassed at my time. how do i feel today? pretty good actually. but the muscles that cramped are pretty tender as they usually are after such an episode. the adductors (insideedial side of upper leg) are the worst. number in the books. i hope i can pop a decent one in the not too distant future.
was there; your name;
pinch of ground cardamon
“i’m nobody i’m i’m…” my heart dropped on the ground.
in case you were wondering what zooga meant our dear sarah waxman breaks it down for you:
ane with her napkin card. isn't this awesome i've never seen one like this and the detail is amazing. congrats ane and be sure to grab our top sister badge to display on your blog.
so why do we get along so well with our parents? it's pretty simple: control. or more accurately the lack of control.
but here we are (scarily) six decades on dear reader and i have rediscovered a particular favourite from that era of course i never remembered its name at the time but on watching it again the dim and distant memories started seeping back...
one of the most simple examples is people that has convinced themselves that “only bad things happen to them.” why? because their story emphasizes the bad or difficult events in their life and plays down or ignores the good things. they can tell tale after tale of “bad things” and then add up those examples to say that they aren’t supposed to be happy. one style of therapy refers to creation of a story that overemphasizes negative events as a “problemsaturated story.”
. the house of representatives found in respect of the barrels a day that the nnpc produced the following based on its % local refining capacity and % swapffshore arrangement;
i only use my powers for good so i tend to wear gloves at times others would not. as i type to you i am wearing the most supple of lambskin gloves. mmmmmmm lambskin tastes good
the one who know and trusts that all is always well
funny that considering it's not even a very cheerful song.
i barely got this stupid catalog where i fell desperately in love with it.
satin safe six minutes of noise that would be associated with loop rather than chapterhouse saturated in feedback. rain is a beatles cover if you think of the fab four on a delay and reverb overload that is about the size of it. feel the same completes the ep and it brings the listener back to what are good at soft vocals and dynamic guitars. towards the end of the track there is a bit too much of a wig out the marychain would of been proud of this one.
i also planted pumkins yesterday. i had saved some seeds from last year's pumpkin so hopefully they sprout up in a few weeks. i am really hoping we get some pumpkins and we can decorate our house with them for fall.
there will be three evening readings by poets published by roncadora.
crumbles as we speak
“maybe someone else will give you a try.”
i have come to the conclusion that it is brilliant
disc one
generation) because it is only available when water is there from snow melt or rain. and yes they can pump it back but it costs to do that. (long story).
) teacher appreciation week taw is a week where various local restaurants dump fatty unhealthy foods at you useless gifit certifcates are pushed your way and administrators offer you halfway thoughtful gifts. usually during this week a local person comes in for quick minute free massages. i missed mine last year because i was busy. if it is back this year i wont miss it.
i love a good discount or clearance sale but sometimes there are discounts in a store that aren't advertised you just need to ask.
his lips were a temptation. . . .
shot with studio lights against a white seamless backdrop.
the staff watched the scene before them in fascination. the delong’s often hosted dinner parties and once in a while had others over for a “couple’s party” but never anything to this extent. cocks swelled pussies grew wet and with raised eyebrows and exchanged looks the staff sent the message that they planned on partaking of each other in the same fashion once the night was over.
it was right before the baptism & i could so see satan’s attempt to steal away my joy… ugh… so mad…
there are three kinds of dogs: ornamental alarm and security. ornamental dogs are fashion accessories for overnightsensationmediaattentionseekingstarletpoptarts and for those who choose to emulate them. you know what i mean. these dogs are kept in purses. they are dolled up. they even dress similarly to their owners. nails painted the same color and such. these poor things forget they are dogs because they are never allow to experience the fullness of doghood. when the poptart tires of the dog or the dog misbehaves enough (as in i’m tired of this crap…leave me alone) then the dog is no longer cute. the poor thing gets replaced with a newer or different model as quickly as the poptart can change lipstick. i always feel for these dogs. they deserve much better than they get. hopefully once they are out of the spotlight they get adopted by a much better family who will treat with the respect a dog deserves.
claw boys claw rosie nl
a guy arrives at a backyard party waves to no one in particular and meekly says “hi everybody.” nobody even notices. “too light” proclaims the ad. then the same guy is shown crashing through the back fence in a firespewing monster truck. “too heavy” for sure. in contrast we’re told the beer that’s right for you is “not too heavy not too light.”
there was no warning beyond the scream from the force to duck. a golden blade burned the ozone where his head had just been before ken had even registered movement. not having time for anything fancy the jedi counselor threw himself into a forward roll and rising to his feet light the back end of his weapon and snapped it at the sith’s lower back. but the sith’s second golden blade was there to meet his attack and bat it away even as the dark warrior spun bringing his right leg up and thrusting a boot into ken’s gut hard enough to lift him off his feet.
after nearly an hour the two came into sight of a cluster of shacks sitting on pilings near the headwaters of the suwannee river. long before the river was made famous in the stephen foster song old folks at home. pitcher laughed to himself every time he thought of foster and the song. foster had never visited the river when he wrote the song. he had even misspelled the name of the river “swanee”.
 cup granulated sugar
some of these things i end up buying; but many others sit in my lust list and are eventually forgotten in the wake of other new and exciting stuff instead. real life is fickle.
tickin away
after his bath while he was wrapped in a towel i did a
when i came to leave amsterdam it was my turn to nominate a new member. i couldn’t decide who would be a good fit with the current members. then i met red recently arrived to take up a top job at a fashion company. unusually almost uniquely in our expat world it was her job that supported her family with her husband a freelance designer taking on the bulk of domestic duties.
the family: don’t you love it when eli reads someone nasty the riot act? this time he storms jackie’s hospital room and says that she better apologize to alicia because peter can’t get the governorship without her. when jackie does apologize alicia tells her that she will be signing florrick’s old home over to the kids or go to jail for using the kids’ trust funds for a down payment. we also start to notice that not all is well with jackie’s mental state.
champagne crown roast vegetables and queen of puddings. that made it worth it.
white pearls in the corners on the front of the card and done.
actually i did do a good bit of reading it was just kind of different than what i usually do. my son's online course is an english course called "the journey." the readings were a really interesting collection everything from poetry by robert frost alfred lord tennyson and mary oliver to articles by steven covey to a section of helen keller's autobiography and a section of kaffir boy. there were also about ten short stories "the necklace" by guy mauipassaunt “the silver mine” by selma lagerlof how much land does a man need? by tolstoy and "the bet" by chekhov.
if you read the blog on th april you'll have seen sue purkiss's review of all fall down sally's latest book. now you can have the pleasure of seeing the story from the other side how the author did the research that fed into the authenticity sue found in the book. but first a bit about sally:
so a wooden dowel painted black was placed into an old umbrella stand also painted black.
the image is printed onto parchment paper and colored with markers then i added a coat of 'fairy dust' paint from creative inspirations to the tulip petals. the paint gives a gorgeous sheen to the flowers but it's nearly impossible to photograph. :( i took my colors from a gem of a challenge pink blue & green. the papers are all from my mind's eye. i distressed them even more by sanding them lightly. i love using stripes and polka dots together; why i don't know :d i used dies to cut all the ovals matting them together and then matting everything with black cs. the black matting on the sentiment is done using two ovals the same size as the sentiment oval but spread out for that 'stretched' effect.
i just love this quote how wonderful its message. i especially enjoy the choice of the word “ingenious.” mw uses words to describe it like discernment discovery inventing originality resourcefulness and cleverness. the origins of the word speak to it being “natural capacity.”
i say it’s in my grace
but he told the gop conference that the house needs to be prepared to pass something related to the debt ceiling by next wednesday according to rep. peter king (rn.y.) others in the meeting said boehner was talking about fallback options because it would be irresponsible not to.
rushonrock: in terms what you want to express how does blutengel and terminal choice differ for you? obviously there’s a more guitar orientated sound with terminal choice. would you agree that it has a more aggressive nature?
symptoms: i can actually feel things shifting around in my belleh so i know it’s only a matter of time before there’s no doubt to anyone who sees me that i’m indeed knocked up. i officially popped around weeks with anna and i think the same will happen this time. i lovingly refer to this feeling as “innard shifting” which is exactly what’s happening. this is a really cool representation of what happens to your organs during a pregnancy:
lizzidroege # lizzi's design this week wowed me beyond words ... her creation was absolutely stunning so layered with so much loveliness and shabby vintage charm the flowers the paper doilies the cute little birdie simply beautiful thanks from all of us lizzi for sharing your incredible talent in the shabby tea room this week
*preparing stuffing:
the curtains are blowing in the open window breeze wafting in from the outside carrying in the loveliest of fragrances from the italian countryside that is rolling peacefully in the distance. what is it? freshly crushed grapes? possibly. or perhaps i am mistaking this scent to be something more fantastic than a simple air freshener designed to fan a subtle smell into my quarters without my noticing. is the window even open or is it just the air conditioner that's making the fabric of the curtains billow so whimsically?
ph. boa & the voodoo club revolution d
this is a new afrobeat and afro funk mix i put together. the opening track is from a insanely rare by nigerian group the clusters followed by an unreleased track by benin's orchestre poly rythmo. this version of "ou c'est lui ou c'est moi" is from the first recording session for their als album with vincent ahehehinnou. the label owner rejected this first effort and had the band go back into the studio and rerecord the whole thing. the album which eventually got released is already amongst the rarest releases of the vast poly rythmo catalog but only two acetates of the first recording session were ever found. one copy remains with a legendary toronto based collector and the other one sits right here at voodoo funk headquarters.
a native texan and son of actress mary martin hagman did some stage work before he was drafted by the u.s. air force in the early 's. he returned to new york in with his wife maj where he spent several years in offbroadway and broadway productions. his film debut was in the sequel to mister roberts ensign pulver.
“that’s good says st. peter ” that’s worth two points”
so where does rayna payne fit into this perfect union isis has created in her mind? in isis' opinion she doesn't but nigel is quite smitten with this southern belle. in fact he thinks rayna just might be the one for him.
do i think my weight caused quinn’s autism? not really. could it have been a factor? yes it could have. i believe there was a perfectly imperfect storm that caused quinn to have autism. a series of things that together caused it. for the record my husband did not send me the link to imply it was my fault. in reality he blames himself. he believes he was somewhere on the spectrum when he was younger. my husband had a speech delay and was thought to have a learning disability when he was in elementary school. he needed help understanding concepts at times. he also had to repeat kindergarten because they thought he was “not socially ready” to move on. hmmm what does that sound like?
i love my baby but i'm pretty much convinced at this point that she's trying to break down my sanity.
clash of the titans is not a good movie. that’s okay. it is also not a fun movie and that is not okay.
“presentday helena stands forlorn and forgotten some seven miles northeast of karnes city on state highway . for forty years however the town had a reputation for shooting fighting stealing and drinking far out of proportion to its peak population of . it was the wildest texas town during a particularly turbulent period”. (texas historical society)
for reasons unrelated to you or our relationship i got depressed and it soon became too much to handle completely tearing our relationship apart.
yep tomorrow i thought. we’ll have to figure this mess out tomorrow.
fondly he says “mother you are getting old”
here is some background from luciferburns: after touring extensively all through and for that matter for the past five years robin trower decided to take a break. no “live” shows were preformed in or . that’s not to say he didn’t keep busy. his th solo release (not counting the “live” album) “caravan to midnight” was released in . but no tours took place to promote “caravan to midnight”. and to the best of my knowledge no songs have ever been performed live from it to this very day
while i do get mascara and plenty of other beauty products at walmart sometimes it's fun to get the more expensive stuff. but it's not always fun to fork out the money. am i right?
lunch: slimfast shake
but as the weekend draws to a close i wanted to share with you my fabulous friday finds. i promise these will start happening on fridays rather than sundays. they’re named fabulous fridays for a reason you know.
watson did wake me up earlier and now i can’t sleep so i thought i should try to do some writing but ended up writing this instead. so much for my productivity eh?
thrilled with nelly i made her one of the main characters in my next book the remarkable life and times of eliza rose in fact eliza my main character goes to work for her as a lady’s maid. i needed a handsome gallant highwayman too and rather than invent one i found a genuine one: claude duval the mannerly handsome highwayman who would often steal a kiss from a lady instead of taking her jewellery and whose epitaph reads:
for every fad of my life i've commemorated it with dog tags (purely by accident).
"a horse a horse my kingdom for a horse" is one of the bestknown lines in english literature but the real richard iii never uttered them. his last words are among the few things about the battle of bosworth field in that were accurately recorded. they were "treason treason treason"
god’s wrestlings are abundant in this
it's actually got me concerned.
but i will say that this scene grows out of my experience as an assistant d.a. my first assignment was in lowell a great community where elliot’s and birke’s were real places. (elliot's is still going strong and i highly recommend it. order a hot dog "all around." you won't be sorry.) and the stabbing described in this scene is based on an incident that occurred while i was there — a man gashed across the belly forced to hold his intestines inside by holding his hand over his belly pressing it closed while he was driven to the emergency room. as for the salesman well it was my own grandfather who sold mighty mac parkas to old stores like birke’s all over new england. as a writer you grab what you can from any source available your own history or the lives of others and you spin it into your story.
people are wrong. and prideful. this is just a new group of neoluddites.
this shot i took from the same side of the canyon but around a bend that positioned me in front. it was a wonderful sight that i had to document with my camera.
my sister blessed me today with encouragement and a solution to my worry of the day...and i could see his face.
the bus test is a way of reminding yourself of the realities of making print ads that aren't like taking your client's money and hiding it in an envelope then burning it. it's simple. sit on a bus in the morning or the evening sit next to someone who is reading a newspaper or a magazine. now just watch them. watch how they read the magazine how quickly they turn the page. how they flit from one headline to the next. how that fullcolourfullpage ad that someone has spent their last two weeks making just got flicked past in less than a second. do this a few times do it every week. it's very helpful to put everything into perspective.
for mother's day adam surprised me with a lovely gold necklace that has a gold mother & child pendant on it it is such a beautiful gift i adore it so much :). we also went to an awesome brunch in the late afternoon at elizabeth park's pond house cafe in west hartford. elizabeth park has gorgeous flowers blooming all over and is home to a beautiful rose garden. adam's mom truley enjoyed the brunch and spending time with her grandchildren as well. it was perfect
if modern texas politics has ever had a rock star it was lyndon baines johnson. starting out as a congressional secretary and working his way up through the u.s. house and senate and eventually to the white house el presidente burned his brand onto everything he touched and the hill country in general and austin in specific would be very very different today if not for his patronage. not surprisingly the driskill played an important role in his life.
just last month the aa said increases this year had added £. to a twocar family’s monthly petrol bill. a typical litre family car was costing £. to fill a rise of £. since january.
the pleasure is when you reach a place you have never been before and someone you never seen before asks you for a side and comes back grinning.
it is said that knowledge is power. this power grants us the ability to think for ourselves to have all pieces of the puzzle before us and most importantly to make choices that are most beneficial to us. take for instance the greek prometheus who stole fire (knowledge) from zeus and gave it to the people. this was an act of love that essentially demonized prometheus.
the same man was present on saturday after warning months earlier that middle eaststyle protests could hit southeast asian countries if the reforms were delayed.
when signs of the apocalypse begin following a wandering stranger the vatican sends a priest father lucas to investigate. in n interesting twist he is a skeptic that end time prophecy is being fulfilled but the pregnant abby played by moore believes differently. usually in these kind of movies the priest is a rogue true believer going against the skepticism of his superiors. that is an original twist.
it looks like mclaren have opened up a slot in the back of the rear wing this is visible as a blackline above the normal slot between the wing and flap. this slot is fed with air from the inlet and routed inside the shark fin and rear wing flap. the high pressure air exits through the slot and effectively makes the two element rear wing into a three element device. this allows the rear wing to angled more steeply without fear of stalling thus creating more downforce.
he laughed and said that my timing was perfect "here take that big red bastardhe's good under saddle and he's kicking the place down"
akin to the irish when young and old french soldiers alike were heading into battle ready to lay down their lives in wars that extended far beyond themselves as individuals they had to fight to the bitter end for a cause they believed in. they fought for their families they fought for their freedom and most of all they fought for their wonderful country that they called their home.
one element in which i feel tchaikovsky showed improvement was the panoramic emotional sweep of the novel. dragonfly falling shows the true start of the war with collegium beginning to actively participate the other nations getting involved and having that largescale conflict coming into full view. some of the battles and conflicts he imagines conjure up spectacular images airship conflicts with characters leaping to and fro a siege outside of a city. he shows a fairly equal balance from both sides of the conflict through the character of the wasp captain thalric who has a great deal of honor and passion for his ideals. though thalric is the most fleshed out of the characters in the wasp army his strength is that tchaikovsky makes him a character you find yourself rooting for at times despite the fact that he’s high up in the “enemy” army.
all this hope i breathe is given by the hand that carries me
after the movie we went to longhorn. one of our favorites we sat at the bar and enjoyed ourselves immensely:
i’ve previously written that i for one am not a big fan of divination in a sense as a technique to predict the future. without going onto a rant about the many theories of time and the “future” i will say that i moreso use it as a tool to read into the unknown.
instead of looking so much for simple disdain.
i think i’ve yammered long enough. today is the first day of spring break here. better get some breakfast so i’m fortified for whatever the girls feel like doing today.
can you hear the battle cry?
i think this is what they call "writer's block." anyone with solutions to unblock me?
hester and edna are usually seen together laughing and sharing stories as shown in the photo above. don't forget to click on the photos to see them larger.
) have a small number of people over the creatives (like one or two) who have proven that they a) know what good creative is and b) have some business acumen. this is where the david ogilvys and lester wundermans of the world really made their mark. they weren't writing all the ads or going on all the shoots they were letting the weirdos do their thing and acting as the filter then bringing the best ideas to light. or in a gaming scenario they were the publishers the creatives were the developers. somehow that very simple idea has been lost.
"hun while this didn't turn out to be the pleasant surprise we hoped it would be it still is a surprise... at how much you can feel for a boy after all these years at how much courage you have walking the shores of boracay in search of a hint of a promise and how much strength you have to rise above the circumstance.
for those of you who have kids be grateful for what you have. be grateful that you just have to share some ups and downs with an exhusband. be grateful that you didn’t get any of that sleep last night. be grateful that they are emptying your bank account so you can buy them a car. be grateful that you can watch them sleep each night even if they spent their day spewing teenage angst at you. it could be so fucking worse.
 ways to make airports more fun
i saw an opportunity. former inmates could utilize their talent in the real world upon their release from prison. sandra helped me institute the justice through art program to do that. prisons had an excellent art teacher jeff. he actually went into the prisons and assisted inmates to develop their art. he was willing to continue the classes once the inmates were released. using the same artistic methods products and style he provided a seamless transition venue from prison to the real world.
press the dough into the bottom and the sides of a greased x baking dish. cover bottom of the pan with sliced pepperoni. in a large skillet cook the sausage over medium heat until no longer pink. drain and sprinkle over dough and pepperoni. top with all of the mozzarella cheese. in the same large skillet saute the mushrooms and onion in oil until the onion is tender. stir in the tomatoes oregano salt and garlic powder. spoon over the parmesan cheese. bake at degrees for about minutes or until the crust is golden brown.
 . s . e
with a slotted spatula turn all the ambodes after seconds. keep turning them every seconds until both the sides are brown in color.
that’s pretty damn furry.
this link will redirect you to a track i made tonight as stated on soundcloud its meant to give a relentless sense of anxiety and alienation caused by the many things we don’t know that we are meant to and it relates closely to my next blog entry on emi and universal (two of the four majors ).
the sand at her feet was created by sponging antique linen and old paper distress ink them i went back and dabbled antique linen and scattered straw distress stickles to give it a little more dimension. i cut some clouds and masked them to create the cloudlike background. the side panel was embossed with ossie dots embossing folder. which i love and i wish i you could see it better but they are huge dots. my new embossing folder.
that’s why it feels good to get fucked up the ass or good to get choked by a dick. our very nature dictates that we flee from it yet when we turn to it for comfort it becomes something else entirely. what if pain and pleasure are the same thing but we are just too stupid to know it?
i start every day outside with a list either in my head or on paper of what i'd like to get done. as nearly every job takes twice as long as i expect or i get sidetracked along the way getting to the bottom of a list isn't something i expect to happen.
great class the bracelet above i think if my favorite piece from the class projects. the beads are not strung in. the metal is hammered all around them to hold them secure.
place on baking sheet and bake for minutes on each side ( minutes total).
if violets are the vanguard of spring in wisconsin the rearguard is the removal of flannel sheets. each year they seem to stay on the bed a bit longer last spring was so damp and chilly they didn't come off until june. in a drafty old house like ours (and with a thermostat kept as low as ours) there's nothing so cozy on a cold spring night as snuggling down under the fuzzy warmth of flannel with a fleece blanket above and a good weighty comforter to top it all off.
since monday i have been receiving video’s and content from mike dillard. i know many of you know who he is from his amazing magnetic sponsoring book which well frankly it changed my philosophy on so many levels.
my favorite bible verse is philippians ::
“it is therefore the right of the owner to allow or refuse anyone from using the property” he told the malaysian insider in a text message.
oh how i love polka dots (that and gingham). i need to find a big pack of paper that is only polka dots i would be in heaven :)
*squints at the date*
as a verb project means to extend outwards beyond something else. a dream remains a dream until it is projected into reality.
a) the middle finger of the left hand
a beautiful cath kidston spring bedroom....yummy girls
it is very difficult to write an engaging story around a message which is why there are very few that people and children especially read for fun. books with messages do not always get enjoyed because the message is the center of the story as opposed to the adventure itself. this is why children are not reading the giver outside of schools. when people want to read a book for fun they do not always choose the one with the heavy meaning behind it. remember however that i do not speak for everyone only for myself. some people do read these books and i congratulate them. however books written for their stories (and not their messages) tend to get a better response.
created a new stencil that i'm using today i'll of course let you guys know how it goes.
it seemed to work for me as well as talking about how i was feeling to my dad and to sarah the worse part was trying to explain to the boys why i was feeling the way i was but they are resilient and seemed happy to go off and play and be boys that it wasn't so bad (i hope).
rupert everett (my best friend’s wedding)
 cup freshly grated parmigiano reggiano
unfortunate.
they might be looking for in the coming issues.
ace – young man thank you for the friendship and camaraderie. tagay na
 momentary breakdown
ottawa a white south african who was granted refugee status in canada after claiming racial persecution may yet be sent home.
it would be a joy to follow this case closely for its entire duration but alas nama’s interest in the case is quite limited. nama just wants a declaration that it operated properly last year when it sold the maybourne loans for €m. what nama wants to avoid is a judgment which finds the transfer of the loans was improper find the transaction reversed and possibly face damages. however listening to the opening arguments today it seems that there are two issues which may deserve further attention and possibly involvement on nama’s part () might nama have been able to sell the loans for more than €m and () did the company to whom the loans were advanced act in such a way as to compromise nama’s rights as a creditor. nama has previously said that it sold the loans for €m and that was the maximum it could achieve. that is patent rubbish. the loans if enforced would allow nama to take control of shares in the maybourne group which may have been worth considerably more than €m. in my view nama has a case to answer here to justify the sale price and to demonstrate it has maximised returns for the taxpayer. nama might also not be happy to learn of the way in which maybourne apparently sought to deter other interest in the hotels in favour of the barclays.
with kenpo my body and brain are both engaged. i'm learning something fun and useful and it's a great workout. (i have to admit the pushups and crunches we usually do in our warm up still totally kick my ass. i mean pushups before i started this class i hadn't done pushups in years who does pushups? oh right me now.)
asking price: $
we get rammed on our side by a black car with tinted windows my rides crumbling beneath me and as soon as i regain composure i see stewie getting smacked across the face and tossed into the car by two guys.
the seminar’s major disappointment was the spoiling of the panel addressing steampunk by the moderator’s insistence on trying to make the panelists define the term (why steam? why punk?) — and by the way the panelists were dexter palmer china mieville and william freaking gibson. and when the panelists did offer definitions and hints that it might be broader and more interesting than just young guys in funny mustaches the moderator kept interrupting them and narrowing it down. infuriating.
conso f contassot jc falcy m et al. salariées enceintes exposées à des substances toxiques pour le développement foetal. surveillance médicale. recommendations de la société francaise de médecine du travial novembre . tm. inrs documents pour le médecin du travail n° : .
so when i start to struggle with something totally frivolous and impractical that i wantsomething irresponsible that will cost a pretty pennyit is torturous. it's literally like there is a cartoon devil sitting one shoulder and an angel on the other battling it out in my mind.:
profession: truck driver
supercrooks #
all that we need to do
primary numbers we'll release later in the week make it clear that byron georgiou has virtually no chance of winning the democratic senate nomination but if by some chance he did he would start out points behind heller at . georgiou has threatened in recent days to run as an independent but it's not really clear where his support would come from if he did that.
 please no long lists of dozens of different things followers can do to gain extra entries.
the sun broke through the clouds just moments after the delivery man handed the box over to me so in a way jilly for a minute anyway they did stop the snow. thank you so much. i'm slightly overwhelmed but you have no idea how much i needed them.
at the moment people under the age of can get housing benefit to help pay the rent for bedsits or rooms in shared accommodation if their wages and savings are below a certain level.
when you’ve already let something in by the front door.
 **dxi. “shaw’s caesar and cleopatra.” basic program weekend conference the university of chicago alpine valley resort east troy wisconsin. (incorporated in item c () above pp. .)
. recruit comrades
lawyers for the defendants declined to comment for this story.
justin: you were born in london england?
brutal home invasions by mostly young ak and panga wielding blacks against defenseless white families are now a daily occurrence in mandela's “rainbow nation”.
that’s right. the public editor believes that reporters at the nation’s paper of record should take guidance on how to appropriately cover sexual assault cases from a figure who informed a national tv audience that she had “never ever met a false rape claim”; and had in her public statements about the highest profile sexual assault case of recent years:
jami: my family. people listening to me helped. i know that there's some people i drove crazy by talking about my miscarriage and infertility. there's others that just listened to me and still listen to me for however long i want to talk about it.
totes in addition budgets will be in countless behaviour shapes and forms the majority of daughters as well as for ladies well as over ladies have awide variety utilizing house owners.
kuya joel – you have been kind to me thank you so much.
it's been a long week since the family trip to nh in the outdoors of new england with scott and holly and chace just enjoying each other and all that is great about new england in the summer….storyland outdoors and ice cream. i had intended to upload some ice cream pics as we enjoyed it but wherever we were service was spotty so now i get to showcase it all and more.
i sat there in shock by what he had done. all the while wondering what was filtering through my mother's mind. what would she think? would she ask him to leave? did she think i had made a huge mistake by already falling head over heels for this man? i dropped my head in defeat. if he didn't win my mom over he didn't stand a chance. i just sat there waiting for what seemed an eternity. bracing for what lay ahead.
according to the department of natural resources of wisconsin approximately billion plastic bags are used in the united states every year. the issues with all these plastic grocery bags is they end up in the ocean and are digested by all sorts of animals. of course this is not a natural source of food or these animals which has caused harm.
i looked back through some of the emails i had received from her and found it interesting that this was the last line of the last email she sent to me a few weeks ago:
this sounds like somebody trying to put a christian cover on a nonchristian practice and if you are willing to buy it i have a genuine ralex watch i would like to sell you.
the giant banking corporations have siphoned off so much of the economy under our kleptocratic government that their share now threatens to exceed limbaugh’s weight. the top four banks have assets equal to percent of u.s. gross domestic product. they didn’t siphon off all this wealth by natural selection or free enterprise. they paid off people in government to put the fix in fashioning legislation that made it inevitable. these banks need to be taken apart the same way we took apart at&t almost thirty years ago.
tom dyche
keep a chain gang swinging make a cat bird sing.
dinner with my parents.
my favourite stand....and shop in the world...papaya......unfortunately i didn't buy anything :(
most of the doodads anyway.
sat.sun. oct. : north by northwest oktoberfest — we always enjoy this one. i don't think i've fully sung the praises of this brewpub nearly enough. their food and beer both are excellent and this event always has a nice strong bock (among other choices) tasty german food polka bands and activities for the kids. any event that lets me drink beer while my kids have fun is a good thing. which leads me to my don'tmiss event of the year …
were my eyes not big before did my fat face swallow them or something?
the timeless tuesday challenge fttc this week is to create a girly card. well this card started out really girly in my head but after changing out the paper i was going to use for something else it didn't quite turn out as i had originally intended. still very happy with it though.
feet up.
since stephanie died i have not been to downtown frederick more than twice. both times were related to my divorce. in my mind stephanie and downtown frederick are all twined together. she lived there off and on. she was mugged there which led to the events surrounding her death. her car was impounded in a garage there which charged $ to get it back and would not let us take a look inside to find out if there was even anything in the car before making paul pay up. she held jobs in downtown frederick like the one she had at the british foods store. it was in that store while i was waiting for her that i giggled over the name "spotted dick" for the first time.
so he’s pretty coolsounding guy. he offers classesoraging trips every weekend and most are priced with a suggested donation of $ for four hours. in september (a few days after my birthday) he’s giving a tour through prospect park and i think i’ll be there.
crushed walnuts
there have been several points this last week where i have felt like the song has been getting away from me because i had been grabbing for it. but there have also been moments when persistence and sitting with it thinking “what now? well i’ll try and write the lyrics from beginning to end. ok now what? sing em along with the chords” and by doing so i realise which bit doesn’t work.
there is a little less chaos too: we get a kind of resolution to the mysteries and the book feels doubly thin as a result. even the opening and closing lines always a matter of meticulous attention for ellis seem less than heroic.
kates abc
why? first i think partly it is because i have now become comfortable with what is going on. i have surrendered it to the lord. i am okay at the place he has had me in. it is a place that i am so often forced to return too with no prior warning.
. turn the oven down to ° f (° c). bake for minutes or until a skewer inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean. you may check the cakes every ten minutes or so after the minute mark to make sure it doesn’t overbake. let cool in the pan for minutes then invert onto a cooling rack to cool completely.
scalloped nestie oval
“the thief cometh not but for to steal and to kill and to destroy: i am come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly. i am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. but he that is an hireling and not the shepherd whose own the sheep are not seeth the wolf coming and leaveth the sheep and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them and scattereth the sheep. the hireling fleeth because he is an hireling and careth not for the sheep. i am the good shepherd and know my sheep and am known of mine. as the father knoweth me even so know i the father: and i lay down my life for the sheep.” john :
htc one x is the first smartphone in india to use with ice cream sandwitch on board. along with android . versions there is a delightful blend of icl and sense in one x making your usage seem even more convenient. the . ghz processor sports cores where one of them especially works to reduce the battery consumed.
we definitely covered a lot of ground in our short trip it was so nice to get away with my girlfriends and just enjoy getting to spend time together.
turlo stopped and looked up at the walls again; they were almost on us peeking out from the thick smoke of the ybr's locomotive. he looked back at his brothers and waved them off. a moment later they lifted off and caught the updraft. "you know where to find us. we're a scant mile or so away. we'll be ready." he stared at me like it would be our last meeting but i wasn't worried. he'd been too much a part of this play to go missing before the final act.
 tobacco & tobacco products
implicit in our conduct is we have no fight in us are easy. the crimes committed by ethnics are not the same as those committed by our people they are how people invade by demography raping stealing and assaulting us – they are here to take. their body language shows it as they swagger through our streets.
they were wonderful and were far more fun to watch when they did the opposite of what they were meant to do.
red indicates force vigour and energy. dark reds indicate a high temper and is a symbol of nervous turmoil. a lighter red indicates a nervous impulsive very active person one who is probably selfcentered. scarlet indicates an overdose of ego. pink or coral is the colour of immaturity frequently seen in young people. in all cases of red there is a tendency to nervous troubles.
on a related note brandi and i went to see andrew stanton's john carter last night. saw it in d because it was the most convenient showing timewise. overall i was pleased with it and look forward to watching it again on bluray when it comes out. the effects were extremely good (i had no problem believing that the cgi tharks were actual living characters) and taylor kitsch was better than i expected as carter.
with the help of tangina a psychic diane learned that only she as carol anne’s mother could rescue the child. tied to a rope diane had to step into a nuclearglowing walkin closet and yank carol anne out.
do you ever abstain from it just to see if you can?
not only that the angry birds franchise has flown far beyond gaming platforms. rovio says it has shipped more than million angry birds toys worldwide and published numerous angry birds books.
so come on out to participate in saturday morning’s wod (aptly named “the marathon”) and then spend the afternoon with good friends and good cheer as we break out the barbecue beer deliciously paleostyle mexican food and maybe a hint of tequila. what do you need to bring? all of the above with the exception of the barbecue seriously though feel free to bring whatever satisfies your postworkout thirst and appetite. we have some creative events lined up to help stimulate reyhydration although a common sideeffect of said events is dehydration – be forewarned
teens however don’t use the web the way adults do. as a result most authorllustrator blogs and websites don’t attract teenage readers unless the author is already known to them. twitter connections follow a similar pattern.
my art background definitely influenced this book. at home we had books about medieval and renaissance art and i was fascinated with certain pictures when i was little. hieronymus bosch’s garden of earthly delights was one of these with its weird figures and animals in an otherworldly landscape.
that darn cheese man was just so charming. and we fell for it.
heat gun
i'm a bit odd......but no longer a some odd girl
next you have a simple bra no underwire soft cup. very comfortable but still leaves you flopping around when you need the best support possible. i would compare this to those that who really urge breastfeeding but then come back and say things like "start solids early" "you are nursing too often" "if it doesn't work out then just switch to formula" or "formula fed babies sleep better at night." a lot of times they bring up wives tales make the mom feel like any struggle is her fault they don't support breastfeeding past a year and more. they don't understand why a mom would not leave her breastfed baby for a week tell them to pump and let others give a bottle to bond not understanding how it will effect the breastfeeding relationship.
i never ever know.
we’ve decided to coincide the official lighting of lanterns with earth hour as it represents a great opportunity for people to take time to get out of their houses mingle with neighbours enjoy a stroll along our street and enjoy the sight of some beautiful lanterns away from any electrical devices.
were you aware that this is the sound an ovensafe dish full of cheesy potatoes makes when it explodes over every inch of the oven?
some have referred to this thesis as dark and pessimistic. some have even suggested it as unpatriotic. yet i hold that america is in decline a natural cycle of all great empires. at the same time china and islam among others have awakened and are rising. their emergence should be viewed as their own natural cycles of ascension.
“a recession creates opportunities to create competitive advantages through training” he says. “as the economy improves those who have invested in training will leap ahead of those who hunkered down and just tried to survive.”
neil richardson () asked how much paul’s language and understanding of god changed after his conversion to christ? on the one hand paul is deeply and profoundly theocentric – but on the other hand this very theocentric outlook was intimately linked to his powerful experience of jesus as the climatic revelation of god. thus paul is both theocentric and christocentric. there is a “vital interdependence” between paul’s ‘christ language’ and his ‘god language’. richardson says
the film does have some good points in that the visuals looked very good so you can watch it and believe what’s going on. the effects used appear to be a mixture of puppeteer working and cgi which works well for the fighting and the human interactions that needs to take place. the fight scenes have no stamina and last no longer than a minute which makes you feel that either they ran out of money for effects or they have never seen a real boxing match (or for that matter rocky) because the fights just appeared to be the first robot to punch the head which is just boring without a fight.
now the bbpa will doubtless claim that its aim is to highlight the rising costs and sinking sales of its members' products but it is probably a good idea to remember that a significant number of its members are the big brewers and pub companies which have a certain brewing and stocking policy that involves a lot of mainstream lager brands...
mcdonald jc lavoie j coté r mcdonald ad. chemical exposures at work in early pregnancy and congenital defect: a casereferent study. br j ind med ; : .
and where does the egg money go? into a tin on the top of a dresser. we currently have dollars in the pot. we’ve already contacted tom quigley – the chicken coop guy and asked him to put us on the schedule for a chicken coop addition sometime in the summer. nothing big but something with an eastern exposure would be nice.
mightymo the girls and i watched the movie courageous this weekend. the movie was excellent and very emotional. since i am the queen of cry i cried. a lot. cinematically there were a few scenes that weren't as "professional" as most modern day feature films. mainly i thought a few of the actors were kind of stiff. nothing major though. it wasn't like going to an elementary school play or anything.
honorable mentions or tracks that floated in and out of consideration for this post: "unleashed the largehearted boy" (though see a future post) "metal mothers" ("you find time to get laid you find ways to get paid") "circus world".
some bullets that i might flesh out later in writing but that i will certainly flesh out in my drosh today at beth yeshua (you have subscribed to our podcast right?).
respect.
all of these suggestions lead to allowing yourself not to be letdown. especially if it is you setting the expectations. goals are important and helpful. unrealistic goals are harmful and pointless. at every level your brain (conscious and subconscious) enjoys and celebrates success in any task no matter what the scale.
. one peanut butter egg @ home (phoenixville pa) : p.m.
. darn that dream
now its time get ready to receive the blessings to come to begin festivities anew and to start the new year with thoughts of love and prosperity. its also time to get out the old to show or sell and bring in the new new friends new inspiration new music and new opportunities to marry art commerce & fun.
the asking price was $ for samples of the brain and blood of italy's world war ii fascist dictator who was executed by antifascist partisans in at the end of world war ii.
xxxxxxx
with more concentrated efforts in capacity building and rating of the spa industry it is set to contribute rm.bil to the gni of the country.
this analysis applies not just to big armies and not just to discourse but to all conflict. it certainly applies to stopping civilization from killing the planet. right now what are the battlefields on which we are encouraged to allowed to fight? we are encouraged to vote. but of course we all know the old wobbly saying: 'if voting made a difference it would be illegal'. and in any case our choices of whomhat we can vote for are strictly limited. no matter whether a republican or democrat wins we lose. we are encouraged allowed to use the courts and while of course we may get the occasional win there we must never forget by and for whom the courts are set up. we are encouraged allowed to write so long as we never mention social change and violence in the same paragraph. we are encouraged to recycle to shop green (so long as we shop) and so on.
. understand the plan of salvation
please see the buyer reviews & ratings of electronic shift improver kit for dodge charger magnum challenger and chrysler c vehicles at the merchant’s site by click on the link below.
the boy had now wrapped his arms and legs around the croton tree –
seth reentered the financial industry today as an asst. branch mgr for a credit union. he had a great day. i didn't start counting down hours until pm so that's not too bad right? i hate wishing time away so hopefully god will do a work in me that makes this a bit easier. i was able to have dinner ready bathed two kids did loads of laundry vacuumed cleaned out my refrigerator and took care of and played with children. it really was a productive day. the hard part was missing my hubby. owen walked around all day looking for "da da." and bedtime came really soon he hardly had time to say hi to all the kids much less spend time with them. there is a season for everything though which is what i keep reminding myself. the lord uses every circumstance to draw us closer to him and i did do a lot of praying today. ha ha
the faces of some of our prized multicultural benefactors and what they have to say…
next time you’re at the shop make sure to read the label of the tahini and purchase the type that is made from unhulled sesame seeds. sometimes this sort of tahini will be sold under the name “sesame butter” indicating that is in fact different from regular tahini. but again check the label to be certain – some sesame butters may also use hulled sesame seeds.
who could ever make her happy?
may district judge rules nebraska version unconstitutional (he is later overturned)
in all these things the best is the original plans of god childrens to be taken cared by the father and mother and those are no. needs of children more than anyone else in the whole world in person.
. champions evaluate themselves their lives and their growth consistently. nothing happens by accident. growth must be monitored or it would not occur at all. i’ve learnt to be deliberate about the books i read the seminars or courses i attend and determine ahead of time what the takeaway would be for me and enforce that personally. what new thing will you be learning? what do you have to relearn or unlearn? where are you deficient and need to improve? these are questions you have to answer if you desire meaningful growth.
the pine trees posed threats to the safety of residents because of how frequently they fell so it would be good to see them gone she said.
doctors – three () doctors two were categorised as ‘crippled doctor’ (affour years) and (cudjoe sam years) and the other was a youth of years (quacoo ac) all born in the caribbean.
in case others do not find history as interesting and instructive as i do i think i should at this stage skip forward to late th century politics (though like macarthur i shall return) but before i do so i think i should hand over to a.v. dicey to tell us about traditional english respect for individual liberty and the concomitant restrictions on the power of the state. dicey wrote in the late th century long before the deliberate deceptions and distortions of political correctness and is of course one of britain's greatest legal historians. the quote is from the law of the constitution third edition pp. :
i sit down tonight to write before going to bed. i know in the morning the meaning and urgency will be less skewed and possibly unclear. i might just miss an opportunity to write. so often i hear my heart whisper “write” but i do not find myself in front of the computer often enough. tonight is different. i recognize and honor that the heart has something to say. i honor it by making time.
sate tegal
 lbs of boneless skinless dark meat chicken cut into chunks
what is becoming plain in our discussion is that in making his claims de wesselow has done very little firsthand research himself. his contribution has to be to gather up the work of others reexamine past investigations (he draws heavily on the digging done by british author ian wilson a key figure before the carbondating tests now living in retirement in australia) and then tease out new conclusions. he is essentially taking existing pieces of a jigsaw and assembling them in a new and startling pattern.
love is a miracle
pre heat oven to c
: pm – johnny runs into the big show backstage and yells at him for being in the way. has johnny met the big show. he is always kind of in the way. show then imitates johnny before turning around to find eve watching him.
'i don't know'
i belong essentially to a family of lawyers topped by my grandfather who was a leader of the bar and made a name for himself as a stalwart in the field. so when it was time for me to choose a discipline for my college education my grandfather advised me to opt for law.
i hold a good head of steam everywhere i'm seen
i have always been shocked by just how good poland's metal scene really is. beyond the incredible behemoth and pioneering vader poland has also produced a wide variety of impressive metal bands. bloodwritten is another name to add to the list.
counting backwards is a new series of textsoundperformance events. it takes place on the first thursday of alternate months at fuel cafe bar in withington. the third evening in the series takes place on thursday october with performances from mick beck stephen emmerson andsonic pleasure. the event also sees a special performance for the launch of richard barrett’ssidings a new collection of poetry.
this is the change i prayed for and yearned for. i don't regret it it's just hard.
when i said that i picked myself up and onto my hands which changed the angle of my back and coincidentally the angle of my penis.
other men can mix things up and still stay on course and keep the woman engaged.
my last post made me realize that i seem to have another slight obsession about pocket knives.
"nah. i think we're just going to stay in this weekend. do a movie marathon or something."
paper: pink pirouette old olive whisper white
tomorrow is giveaway day so i will see you then
well cameron was holed before lunch as i blogged earlier but this afternoon it appears both george osborne and jeremy hunt have many many questions now to answer watch the news reports not least osborne's reaction to an ofcom matter over a dinner party for just three couples including brooks and for hunt his department's position on asking advice from the murdoch empire on the phone tapping inquiry matter.
who is the strongest character in your story? watch out; that’s a trick question. consider kazuo ishiguro’s the remains of the day. the main character stevens is a weak man yet his presence is as strong as a hero. how? ishiguro gave him a voice that is absolutely certain yet absolutely vacant of selfknowledge. we know stevens and because we see his limitations we know things will be difficult for him. don’t be afraid to give all the depth you can to your main character early in your story. you’ll discover much more about him later and can always revise if necessary.
if a poet is new to sending work to competitions how should they begin?
patient: oh no doc we have sex all the time and this time i just felt woozy.
this is a great cast and there are certainly laughs to be had in the pilot – i especially liked the team trying to figure out ways to stop the vp’s ‘retard’ gaffe getting on the front page: “what if tom hanks dies?” – but i simply need to spend more time with the series. hbo doesn’t give you easytodigest comedies; they give you series that take more time to work out. take the series that occupied this timeslot last week eastbound & down – it was a comedy series i was initially put off by but the more time i put into understanding that world and getting to know those characters the more i got out of it because i better understood what the show was trying to do. this is of course rather obvious stuff – certain comedy voices take more time to understand than others – but that’s how i feel about veep; this is a clever comedy but it’s one that needs more time before i completely give myself over to its way of thinking.
so then i ask if i can cut back to weigh in a week another quick no. everthing stays the same. i know he is keeping me from back sliding and that is a good thing. i just would like more wriggle room not that wriggle room is usually a good thing for me but it is nice to have.
should have been sharing progress on the double rib scarf from the previous post but seeing as it's already ripped back after cms then there's no photo to show ;) i am going back to it later but have decided on bigger needles and a x rib instead for a little more flexibility.
i switched lenses a couple of times during our walk but i think in the end that most photos came from the mm. given i only have two lenses i’m not sure i can call it a ‘favourite’ as yet but it’s getting a fair amount of use. once again i was switching between af and mf as af only really seems to want to lock in on something if it is obvious – i haven’t spent time with the manual to find out if there is a better way to get the camera to reselect the focus point. on my old camera it would usually work by depressing the shutter button to the halfway point over and over until it found the correct spot but it doesn’t seem to work so obviously with the d. anyway you can see from the photo below how it misses just enough to be quite annoying.
uwa architecture & fine arts library perth wa…. some of that material is irreplaceable. sure it may be insured… but follows is months of cataloguing and inventory and insurance claims and clean up and resealing… thats months without all those texts i smell some very unhappy students….
) he will not leave his partner – so having grand illusions of the two of you running along some sunny beach somewhere isn’t worth your while.
it will look great tucked in an old cupboard or in a trencher with a bunny and some eggs
this post ran a lot longer than expected so i'll fill you in on the zz top concert i went to saturday night at another time.
and thank you so much to
. grapefruit scent will make middle aged women appear six years younger to men. the perception is not reciprocal and the grapefruit scent on men has no effect on women’s perception.
there's also a class component to this story in that the porter's pride in his job and his uniform only causes him to be content in his relative poverty. he returns home to a decrepit cramped tenement apartment and struts around as though he's an important and wealthy man but actually he's a servant with a nice costume and an inflated sense of his position which distracts him from his actual class status. jannings' performance is remarkable communicating all this complex emotion and social angst through his body language and his expressive eyes about the only part of his face that's visible behind his ornate facial hair. when the porter learns of his fall from grace he tries to keep up appearances by stealing back his old uniform but it proves to be not enough. whereas he used to return home with his chest puffed out walking with a regal manner his confidence is shaken now and he skulks into the courtyard hunched over anxiously looking around as though he wants to simply disappear into the shadows. he has to remind himself to stand up straight and try to project confidence but as he walks towards his apartment his slouch returns slowly but surely and soon he's scurrying home past the laughter and disapproval of the neighbors who were once so awed by his seeming dignity.
with five minutes to the pm close owen dudley edwards asked the candidates to say a few final words.
this week has been pretty rough. aside from planning operation letter and dealing with some of my asshat friends who claim it's a waste of time (there main reason being that when hes comes out he'll be a completely different person who wouldn't want to deal with that kind of crap) we have been tending to the dog because he hurt himself. i can't say exactly what happened because no one was home at the time. all i know is that i left for class in the afternoon came home around ten at night and asked by my mother if he had been limping. he couldn't walk on his back paw at all but he wasn't crying or whimpering so we decided to wait a day or so to see if he improved before taking the last measure we dreaded.
we were all in the car over the weekend and gaines was acting a fool like he does sometimes and almost under his breath reed says “what are we going to do with that child?” he might have heard that one before too.
the shot above was taken a couple of hours into the long haul from sydney to san francisco aboard a united boeing . then some hours later i gazed through my window as i tried to sleep and sat there transfixed by the colours that began to develop on the horizon from my vantage point more than feet up.
heckler: what’s it about?
iz ok though coz granma was here today and she could put me down and i haz hour naps so iz all energetik when he drags his self home from work.
so here's the peek:
i'd read more of the hundreds of books on my "toread" list.
i told him that he had no choice but to quit. honestly i was more upset about the cigarettes. marijuana is legal for medicinal use in co and is growing in popularity as a "healing herb." i don't condone it but i also realize that with it available on every other corner in dispensaries that talking responsibility is the key.i tried to talk more about how he needs to be of legal age before he chooses any legal habit (drinking smoking weed) and that he also needs to have the means to support his own habit without stealing. he said he would get the cigarette butts left in bryson's ash tray. he told me who he had smoked weed with and who had supplied the weed and the paraphernalia. he also said he had stolen some from uncle p. i am not naive enough to assume i got the whole truth but i know enough to change the options he has.
bitter sweet
top goes to...
i have two blankets here that my mum made back in the late s early s and my sister and i are mystified because the granny square she has used is not the one she taught us to do. i will have to have a forage round her old chocolate boxes next friday to see if i can find any old pattern books. i know my mum taught herself to crochet from a book and patiently showed my sister and i how to do it. she also taught us both to knit and i turned out to be pretty ok at it although i haven't done any f'rages. i like crochet because it grows quicker
 kilo chard
. dr. weiss at forty knew that her life had been ruined by literature. —anita brookner the debut ()
can't wait to go and collect it...
and you can use headphones with the tag system. for parents who have way too many noise making toys this can be wonderful or if you've got kids who both want to play with some noise making toys in the car and they keep yelling at each to "be quiet so i can hear" this is a nice feature.
g chocolate chips
(when you get used to doing this you can insert a blog button in a matter of seconds)
i love this novelty chicken fabric.
dominic strausskahn also has a new apartment and – as we’ve seen already – murdoch’s new york post is following every fetish and fart with avid interest. the post’s latest ‘scoop’ is that dsk hasn’t hired any female cleaners for the flat; this follows hot on the heels of newscorp’s world exclusive about what a lousy tipper the former imf head is.
we did however have a hiccup when it came to my gift. given that she's a mad harry potter fan i bought two flights from adelaide to sydney to see the world wide tour of the harry potter exhibition. i also reserved accommodation in the heart of sydney the darling harbour. i thought it was a freakin' brilliant present and told her so about a month early.
trying to get the pot out of the center of the image.
larger lamp for dresser
if you rightclick on the photo you can choose to open it in a new tab and you can look at it close up or you can see the individual photos on flickr.
went to mrewa district. chiwara went to musana reserve. the family of chiyanike
i have two teenagers and rapper wiz khalifa’s “black and yellow” a tribute to his hometown of pittsburgh got plenty of play in our house this year. so when i watched the new parody video hit “black and jewish” i got the joke on several levels. i also knew it was going to make a lot of people uncomfortable. after mulling it over i wanted to weigh in with my perspective as an adult interfaith child.
as if you needed any more convincing of my centenarianlike qualities i lately discovered crewel embroidery and want to start using some as artwork in the apartment. here are some crewel poppies that i am thinking about working on and framing. i don't know about how long it will take or if it will even turn out like the picture but i might give it a stab. insights anyone? i am thinking about putting these alongside some vintage postcards and other artwork. maybe even a small plate or two. i guess we will just have to see how nick reacts... although let's just say i have a feeling he will be open to other suggestions. ;)
just a note to let you know that things may look a bit wacky today i've decided it's time for some spring cleaning in here and i'm working on my blog so please be patient while i play around and get a fresh new look
however these days i rarely get up early enough during the work week to eat a “real” breakfast. most of the time my day starts off with some yogurt a piece of fruit or something from the vending machine if anything at all. so when trying to come up with something to make for dinner one night tgf and i decided to do breakfast for dinner.
she has so much coming up (confirmation orchestra trips youth group piano recital) all she really wants is for it all to be over and done with. i know that she is very much looking forward to some 'r&r' over summer break. (me too)
rather than let fear rule how she reacted to georgia’s diagnosis she instead chose to circle the wagons and fight like hell. here are just a few examples of the efforts she led to kick cancer’s ass:
“the greatest error in current thinking and models about maintaining stability” guo says “is to put the interests of people and social stability on opposite sides.”
independence day is a time to resolve within yourself that you are ready to fight the negative thought processes that have kept you in progressive states of bondage. to be totally independent in your thinking. to be free
today i'm posting some of the closeups of the painting that our daughter (girly~twirly aka theluckiestmrs) has done for their baby nursery. her inspiration for the nursery room colors are from her love of the colors and designs of lilly pulitzer clothes
thirty minutes later after the cheers settled down we received an email of what we thought was the most beautiful baby girl in this entire world...
this is why i blog.
fate of the jailed american alan gross (ph) who tells me he feels as
the birkie was actually held yesterday but since this isn't "saturday in my city" i have saved the story for today.
and she brought forth her firstborn son and wrapped him in swaddling clothes and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.
maybe we should take a moment and breathe. stop trying to push god into our box and let him take things at his own pace. there’s no need to rush perfection. let him take care of everything.
m.s: writing about a german immigrant in minnesota in the early th century was almost an autobiography in reverseas though i were writing in a dark inverted mirror. in fact i was a minnesotaborn expat living in germany in the late th century pouring my sense of transcultural alienation and wondering where "home" really was into kathrin's story. in my day to day life i was the foreigner with the funny accent.
my newest collection is appropriately named the “express yourself series". this collection comes from deep within my imagination my love of art personal insecurities and the need to become a better and happier person. i think that art should be an expression of who we are and the things that are important to us so i have created these designs to allow myself and others to say what is often on our minds. most of the new sentiments in this series are my own original thoughts and feelings. they are meant to be uplifting and encouraging to those that need to believe in themselves more (something i have always struggled with).
to date i have lost pounds and dropped a size. yahooooo the weight loss has been slow (in my opinion) but my chances of keeping it off are greater according to statistics if i lose approximately pound a week rather than rush things along with a faster weight loss.
but as i was preparing the dish something was missing. something green. i knew i had to make this healthier than just a cheese and potato dish. so i added boxes of chopped spinach to the middle layer. that was not only a healthy addition but a delicious one.
j: a case of wine. lord knows they'll need it to survive the first year ;)
i am here to tell you that money most certainly does not buy happiness. it buys choices as the saying goes but you can have a whole pocket full of cash and a whole array of choices and still be having an absolutely suck time.
back in the s we did not use the term ethnic cleansing. we used terms such as “resettlement” “relocation” “blackspot removals” “forced removals”. the term ethnic cleansing came into use in english during the wars of the yugoslav succession in the s but it accurately describes what was going on in south africa between and so i have used it in this article. the definition of ethnic cleansing is “the planned deliberate removal from a specific territory persons of a particular ethnic group by force or intimidation in order to render that area ethnically homogenous.”[]
the ads this year were a disgrace. a cacophony of recycled ideas thirdrate celebrities and pathetic thgrade naughtiness.
. vibrant: if your shirt is vibrant it has bright or bold colors.
the dough is so soft and flaky. you get the crunch from the brown sugarcinnamonnut mixture too. do try these.
she paused for dramatic effect convinced she had the entire class mesmerized. connor glanced around; most looked bored.
i’ve been scouring my inspiration files for images that would help me come up with a color combo and i think i’m leaning towards orangeinkreen combo.
you’re the nail on the cross
i am not a lesbian. i am not gay. i am not bisexual. i am not transgender. i am a heterosexual male. most important of all i am a human being as is anyone who identifies as lgbt.
she’d needed to know that it’s ok to feel. and sometimes you just have to break the rules and do what you know you should.
i peeked out the window and saw what i knew was going to be a spectacular sight.
secondly i use the term 'done' loosely only because there is a lot of knitpicky finish work to be done. the hardware would all be installed but the company we got our cabinets from needs to send us several new drawers due to differences in drawer height. those drawers are on their way this week thankfully. also we need to add the toe kick fill nail holes add trim pieces to the island and seal the marble back splash one more time.
tweed skirt norton mcnaughton goodwill
again pouring fast over ridges of air
love this time of year.
today is my birthday yay for being i've been sick so i've had zero time to put together a post. please just enjoy these pics of lancome's rouge in love high potency lipcolor in the shade corail in love.
the pamodzi deal was the first large empowerment deal to be financed by the land bank — and was questioned by the bank’s own auditors ernst & young the sunday times has established.
first come first serve. shipping is not included. you can choose your shipping method. paypal and credit cards accepted. you are welcome to send a check but your items will not be shipped until the check clears the bank. you will be responsible for any return check fees.
.rastros de sangue
you also can learn something important about the difference between pisces and cancer by considering a third important ingredient of a zodiac sign. zodiac signs have four important ingredients:
well i am home fed & enjoying a nice cup of tea and still in a little bit of shock.
the new season on bbc.
. humble
everything has just collapsed in on me. i doubt i’ll reopen this blog but i do still get updates when people like posts or comment. i don’t know what to do anymore. i’m at a standstill. even though i’m doing things and working towards college a license a car and a job…. it feels as though i’m watching someone else do it.
sawyer came home from school monday and i informed him that his new vinyls had come and were up on the wall and that his room was now done. he went upstairs to see it came down and said... "mom that. room. is. awesome"
kemppi manufactures arc welding equipment and is a provider of solutions for highly productive welding. founded in by martti kemppi the family run business has introduced many new innovations to the market over the past years serving industries such as shipbuilding metal workshops and transportation. headquartered in lahti finland kemppi has a global presence with subsidiaries in countries and customers in more than countries worldwide.
we got outside with only about minutes until we had to be on the bus again and a mad search for sakura ice cream commenced. everyone went to the wrong stand initially but instead of standing around and whining that they were lied to there’s no sakura here i actually walked around the complex and found the place. i love sakura flavored ice cream. i hope everyone gets a chance to try it. as strange as it sounds cherry blossom has a great flavor. after that we got on the bus back to kansai international airport where some shopping commenced. i hadn’t bought any souvenirs in japan or any foods so i decided i was going to splurge and get some duty free stuff at the airport. i ended buying machasakura kit kat (green tea and sakura – and they were freaking delicious. did you know that japan has about % if not more of all the kit kat varieties in the world?) and some chocolate covered strawberry mochi. they disappeared pretty quickly upon my return not even going to lie about it.
so the wind won’t blow it all away
another post two in one day it has been really nice to get back into blogging today. i have had a few mad weeks at work…i was very much a stresshead for a while so now it is halfterm it has given me a bit of space to really destress i have loved getting back into my crafting……am also hoping to bake later on…only problem is i will then put on about a stone eating it all lol
“i think it’s going to be one of the toughest tracks of the year for overtaking but i’ll be hoping for a strong performance in qualifying in order to make it as straightforward as possible in the race.”
cracklin' rosie you're a storebought woman
we have had some fabulous entries into our "spring is all around" challenge already but you still have till the end of the month to get your entries in :) remember you can enter with any craft and you can enter the challenge more than once as long as you enter with a different type of craft each time.
) if you were a booger i’d pick you first.
wild winds? check.
what might happen in the real world is that a copyright holder might tell a middleman such as youtube or twitter about an offending video or an offending link. the middleman would then immediately take it down – not wait until it had confirmed that a breach of copyright had actually taken place. because of sopa the middleman would act quickly fearing that its entire domain could be taken offline. it seems to me that sopa giving this kind of muscle to copyright holders is not such a bad thing.
pelargonium x domesticum graziosa ‘royal salmon’ – also know as pansy geraniums this compact cultivar features deep salmon pink petals with shell pink edges and a darker maroon base with veining. martha washington geraniums prefer loose welldrained soil and require cool evenings (f) in order to set buds. grows ″ high. tender annual.
one day as the young man passed the old lady's stand
i’m really curious about your thoughts on this post in particular. do you watch book trailers? do they have any affect on whether you buy a book or not?
finally my favorite upgradeew addition to our
china is vast country with provinces and more than billion people of various races and religions.
the southern cross drawing these eyes i sort of melt into it.
so move forward on your freshly established path and be alert and observant to the opportunities people and events that will enable your intentions to become reality. embrace the changes and challenges you encounter and nothing will be able to hold you back.
.can i buy magic items? oh come on: how about just potions?
christopher benjamin – colonel hugh
we had a failed international adoption and i am afraid of the bureaucracy
maria & derek – 
* even as an adult reader i empathised completely with how the separation of her parents affected phoebe and how it culminated in an almost crippling shyness – something i experienced myself at that age. do you hope that both parents and children could gain something from reading about this kind of situation? did a reallife experience of this situation help inspire the book?
first in low null and wh space miners already have to take defensive precautions every day. hulkageddon in null sec for example is pretty much a nonevent.
the black skinny jeans by levi are also a great item most men should have in their collection. these jeans can be worn in a causal style during the day and then be styled to create a chic evening look. they retail for $
and move ever carefully
we have to save our country’s future. it’s time for us to come out on the streets and that’s how we can end this trepidation
of wippoorwills singing
i finally went to the dr. last night and he said that i have an underlying breathing problem and that when i get sick it decides to become a full force breathing problem. that explains alot so now i have pills to help me sleep and inhaler and antibiotics to fight the bronchitis. thank you jesus i believe that we are somehow blessed everyday and last night i sure was blessed. by having a friend of mine admit me to er to having a chance to smooth some rough spots with dh to having dr. blueeyes (dreamy) take great care of me and being patient and caring and also take charge we are going to fix this
without even venturing into the subject of crime it is quite clear that in general black men are nowhere close to being prince charmings in their treatment of women a fact supported by no less a figure than the us democratic presidential candidate. even without obama's endorsement white women must know the truth particularly those who live in the inner cities where the evidence is all around them.
by: george r.r. martin
“where i have since late – we should leave the eurozone and move to another arrangement. had we done so earlier the markets would not now be able to hound us as they do. it is utterly ridiculous that germany is being treated as if she had a pressing debt problem and it is all down to the merkel government’s indecision.”
what does this sculpture bring to your sensibilities? ugliness? beauty? disease? healing?
i have been wanting to share a few of my favorite books for children but have not found a way to incorporate this into my posts so i thought why not do a book sharing day.
the world must find itself within itself; then it must find itself within the universe that surrounds it.
the reaction to his remarks from certain quarters was all too predictable.
simple math
the angel therapy handbook is a ‘vital reference tool that you can refer to again and again’ the critic’s say. “another angel book by doreen?” i hear you say. aaahhh but this time it’s different. this time doreen gives you handy tools knowledge and wisdom to tuck away in your angel tool box.
take short frequent walks with your child and examine nature. use nature books to identify and explore the nature around you—birds and growth. measure growths of plants weekly. your child can draw pictures of plants while watching their life cycle.
and that concludes my little rant about my body and pcos. thank you :)
using tyler's abc puzzle and flashcards i made a simple and effective review "game" (i find that if i call it something a "game" he's more apt to participateboys) i placed the vowel pieces on the floor and then i said a word and tyler was to put the flashcard under the correct vowel... some were cvc words and others started with the vowel. easy enough and it showed me that the short and sounds are troublemakers for him; )
my parents have always been avid readers. my father is a big science fiction fan as well as a reader of assorted locomotive car airplane and motorcycle books that have always inhabited our house. my mother has always read fantasy mystery and assorted books on a million different topics whatever happened to be of interest to her at the time.
this post is also a bittersweet one as it is my last one for our daily bread designs as my guest term finishes at the end of july. i have been truly blessed to have been able to create and share with this amazing group of women and i will miss each of them very much. thank you so much to kelley and judy for inviting me into the breadbasket i've had a wonderful time and i'll never forget this time with you all thanks to all the girls and although i won't be part of the basket any more i will certainly be frequenting your blogs
das racists’ first two mixtapes released in were perfect summer records. it was actually the summer of ’ that found my circle of friends soundtracking warm aimless nights with “rainbow in the dark” or “hahaha jk” and the group’s ironicallyironic careless attitude already feels nostalgic in the way that summer records do after just a few months. now in the winter of we have the first solo mixtapes from das racists’ core mcs. heems (himanchu) has filled his first outing independent of the group nehru jackets with a lot more to discuss than his counterpart though i may get around to a review of the palmwine drinkard eventually.
the restoration of fritz lang's metropolis is well under way. please read some info and see a short example of the work at the algosoft website.
another easter egg hunt where someone was afraid of the easter bunny (these years won't last i am enjoying them as much as i can)
look at this beautiful gem.
hiya peeps well here i am again...don't all faint on me now will you.......lol i can honestly say that i am getting back into the swing of crafting and posting my creations on my blog now all i have to do is visit all my lovely blogging buddies cos boy has it been a while since i left comments....huge apologies for that.
a pinoy lady took a cab on april but refused to pay the cabby the fare upon reaching the destination claiming that she has no money. she initially promised to transfer the fare to his bank account but has not done so after four days.
i started taking pictures as he was still making his way over the fencing with police already in pursuit. anything prior to that is beyond me.
it’s not that channel doesn’t have the free speech right to endorse the arena as a civic benefit for the public it’s that channel hasn’t earned that right by engaging in the hard analysis that would allow it to reach such a conclusion. the slovenly charlie rose interview of bruce ratner certainly doesn’t count in this respect. at the very least channel thirteen needs to start with a recognition of the extreme controversiality of the arena and its associated land grab. it should understand why that is.
my mom gently helped me fasten them around my neck. as i ran my fingers over each one i thought of my grandmother and all she taught me through her life…
the truth is i really don’t like this chore—whether it’s at the beginning or end of the uh race. i like to cook i love to eat but making food for children that must fit in small containers and be consumed in five minutes or less while squeezed in a stinky gym (child #) or eaten walking to the convenience store (child #) is not something i relish.
visible voice books located in cleveland opened back in . it’s a independent bookstore that sells new and used books if something you want is not available they will order it. events such as author book signings and open mic are a regular thing there.
joy to you noreen
is it better for a star to shine bright and fade or shine bright and burst with a bang?
our very good friend austin had a nice turn of phrase: "when jacqueline and i were stepping out...." he used to say indicating the time when he and his wife were acourting. and he'd proceed to tell an engaging tale. (not the one below; that's mine.)
anyway fast forward a few years and we've amassed a selection of bible verses that really speak to us inspire us with how we ought to live how we try to treat each other and encourage us in our faith. so i spent an afternoonvening looking them up copying them into a document and then playing with font size and weighting to create some word 'art' for the wall of our living room.
 trained condition of obedience :
 developed a minor project “hospital management system” using servlet and jsp
in tower hamlets recently it was revealed that police raids on suspected terrorists would have to be cleared with local muslim religious leaders to prevent civil disturbance. check with the local imam before trying to raid a terrorist suspect's flat
i have much much more to write about tedxcle and hodge’s in particular. but overall my “birthday week” was fantastic. it was filled with (too many) drinks friends (or acquaintances since i haven’t had sleepovers with everyone right alana? ha) lots of laughter good girl chats and fabulous food.
well little did we know how extremely hard the actual brass portion that fastens to the door is to find. we found tons of knobs but actual brass pieces near impossible. my sister in law took me to this huge antique store and after several hours i found two beautiful brass pieces
the first time i used the shadows i sat down and attempted a purple smokey eye (above). i assumed that these would be just as pigmented as all the other indie shadows i've tried so i laid down a medium purple widely in the crease (sailor saturn). i like to lay down a light or medium shade in the crease first and deepen it with a darker colour later on. it's ultimately easier for me to blend and reduces the chances of me ending up with a nasty muddy browbone (and lets face it that happens far too often for my liking)
we did spent some time scoping out the style preferred by just belgian:
in order to treat lazy eye the doctor has to identify and treat underlying causes. depending on these underlying causes the doctor may recommend surgical or nonsurgical treatments as discussed below.
and left with at least the graciousness of returning 
hurrfuckinway….they are here. shit.
coronary angiography is the most accurate diagnostic technique but it also is the most invasive. it shows the heart’s chambers great vessels and coronary arteries by using a contrast solution and xray technology.
day : how long did it take from the time you learned how to knit to finish your first project?
but even better: i got a big shock years ago when i picked up a book ways to change the world at a stall at the word on the street festival in toronto. i was in town to facilitate the ywalk youth forum and i bought the book knowing that it could be useful in some way.
or do it a few more times.
i base my opinion on the results of a recent survey of human couples in longterm relationships. it appears that the women said regular sex was essential whereas the men said they needed to be kissed and cuddled. after pinching myself to make sure i wasn’t in a parallel universe i realised what must have happened. the women were so worried about appearing needy and emotional that they pretended to be men while the men were so fearful of looking like heartless lechers that they pretended to be women. the result of all this disinformation was a report with findings that would make a baboon chortle.
if access to a safe education free from discrimination and harassment is now considered a fundamental human right then why is my son being expected to constantly deal with the bullying behaviors of others whilst having his own need for protection denied by those in positions to do otherwise?
on sunday morning i got a call from my new landlord. he needed to let me know that he had finished all the plumbing in the upstairs bathroom. that was good. then the plumber came out to inspect the work. and a leak was discovered. that was bad. they eventually found the leak. that was good. it required them to rip open the dining room wall. that was bad. he promised to fix it. that was good. and even replace the wall now missing wallpaper because he has some upstairs in the attic. that is bad i hate wall paper.
we spend more on defense than on anything else. more than on social security more than on medicare. for fy the budget that's now being worked on the budget calls for $ billion for security spending. "security spending" is for all of it; in includes the department of defense as well as other "security" areas such as the part of the energy department budget that relates to nuclear weapons.
as always a printable recipe is at the bottom of this post.
i am planing on starting another wordpress for more of a personal posting on things i love and enjoy. it will be on beauty skin care food personal asian fashion cuteness. i am calling it beyoutiful: the beauty of life (if it’s not already taken)…..just a thought not sure of what it will be titled yet.
either way i was reading some chaos fictions and more than a few of the stories was giving me inspiration as to little scenes that could have happened if cbs hadn’t have stopped producing more episodes.
locket as a symbol of the limitless imagination and fantastical
we also have a lovely daphne which @teaganthedog's mum sent mummy enid for her birthday in addition trea recently came across what is hyped as "the world's most fragrant flower" polianthes tuberosa (picture below). it was very popular in victorian times and is now making a comeback...if you can get the bulbs luckily dat trea has managed to buy 
my neighbours throw like girls.
after we made it back home i turned to my old trick of drinking a pale ale.
 who will the super bowl mvp of the game thank first:
tell us what you think
and if the canton police department's rank and file do not speak out against this "fellow officer" then they deserve the contempt that will come their way.
my goal is to have it ready by the end of this month.
and then all around him in time with his beat
arthur forrester devereux of salem massachusetts was a harvard graduate and in business with elmer ellsworth in chicago. according to an article in the atlantic monthly (july ) they “managed for a little while…an agency for securing patents for inventors.” the business didn’t last long and devereux returned to salem but not before spending time in the illinois national guard.
i had coffee with one of my friends this week on my day off..after she talked me into bootcamp that almost killed me lol we don't get to have coffee very often now that i'm working infact
maybe we looked like we could afford to have more kids. we were at a denny’s which is pretty fancy by mcdonald’s standards. a lady actually comes to your table to take your order and she refills your coffee cup as many times as you want. clearly just by being at such a fine establishment indicates enough financial
(this is why it's important if you're thinking of going with a digital or electronic publisher to look for timelimited contracts or if the publisher uses lifeofcopyright language to make sure that it's balanced by a detailed and specific out of printights reversion clause that includes provisions like the example i gave above.)
we wanted to see what the penicillium looked like close up so we looked through it using our magnifying glass. that did not show us any more detail than what we could see close up with our naked eyes. we need a microscope
i don't mind the pain.
hope you all get to spend some wonderful time with loved ones today
big ideas are the foundation of a great science fiction story. where fantasy enchants science fiction inspires. i know i’ve enjoyed the read when i put down a sci fi book and find my brain spinning as i ponder the implication of a technology or social development.
what do you do when you have no money in your current account? you rein back on your spending naturally. but the electorate seems to think this is a bad idea and that government should spend more purloining cash from whatever sources it can (and that usually means the well off).
this blog post is about something completely different.
and he looked at me with the most gormless of faces and said:
this is a good thing.
according to a new study spain is amongst the most pessimistic countries in the world.
assume the threat is passed. danger to boats and coastal
not only upsidedown elephants but pink elephants. and yawning lions.
we have been here for each other through pretty much everything; we make each other better day by day. iron sharpens iron you know. she has always been here for me regardless of how much i have ever hurt her and i am trying to make that up to her. last spring i pretty much gave up on everything and everyone. i focused so much on school and work only that i lost track of who i was and where i wanted to be. i threw everything on the ground and turned and walked away. when i opened my eyes to my stubborn pride she was one of a very small group of people still there when i turned back to survey the damage i had done. we had a huge heart to heart; we both cried. she tried to apologize because she has a sweet heart like that. i really hope that never changes.
anyway.. here’s one such pic as referred to above. [i'm not putting any warnings about graphic content life is full of graphic content look away or leap off a cliff if you cannot copre with this basic fact]. this one’s from deviantart (a very interesting website if you like dark or deviant subject matter) and is called under repair. in some ways this reminds me of the james spader movie crash where he was erotically affected by stitches accidents and injuries… as they say there is a fetish for everybody in the world really hey? would you ever imagine finding stitches erotically stimulating?? (i could hardly bring myself to look at mine let alone at anyone else’s and as for licking and kissing them… (i’ll find a pic for you of this from the film. brilliant film that but don’t watch it if you don’t like the dark side of sex or homosexuality or other such kinky shite). anyway back to this pic:
frank cottrell boyce told the amazing story of a rich count who came into his money very young and spent his money on things most children couldn’t even dream of. things like a fullsize train track in his grounds to race trains and putting a zeppelin engine in a car the original chitty to race it at brooklands (it could go over mph).
nathan continues to talk and sign new things every day. it's a joy to watch. greg taught him the sign for "mama" and "daddy" and he uses it liberally. almost as much as "eat" (almost) when you sneeze or cough even slightly he pats you and says "god bless you". for a while we couldn't figure out what he was saying...then he came out clearer a few days ago and we "got it". i meant to ask his teachers if he was doing that with them. but yesterday teacher joyce sent her note home telling us they recently noticed he tells everyone "god bless you" when they sneeze or cough.
to all of the sneakers i passed up thinking i was too grownood for you i’m sorry. i’m so so sorry. i was wrong. take me back old friend. i didn’t realize how much i missed you.
emmett watson was right
also the only way that the elders would be referring to themselves in the third person is by presupposing that the pronoun us was not there and that persons was the actual original rendering. if us was there which the preponderance of the evidence shows then they weren’t referring to themselves in the third person so unless you are thinking of another example this third person argument would be contingent upon proving that us wasn’t there and persons was wouldn’t it?
seven minutes with sneezing and three minutes with searching and forgetting and it still adds up to ten minutes which the last i saw was a mere th of an hour and not very much time at all.
. chocolates @ home (phoenixville pa) : p.m.
. hi can i buy you a car?
this segment also includes clips from the vigil held on april in seattle and how "in utero" "nevermind" and "unplugged in new york" were all currently on billboard's top albums chart.
lo your lord is allah (inna rabbakumu allahu) who created the heavens and the earth in six days then mounted he the throne. he covereth the night with the day which is in haste to follow it and hath made the sun and the moon and the stars subservient by his command. his verily is all creation and commandment. blessed be allah the lord of the worlds s. : pickthall; cf. :
in the night when his children should sleep
i’m not naive i know the system will fight back and hard. but i don’t like the world how it is and this is not something i can simply ignore because i’m reminded of it every single day many times. so unless i try to change it i don’t have the right to complain about it.
as for amir khan vs paul malignaggi i like malignaggi. everyone knows i like guys that will talk a little trash bring some personality to boxing and show some charisma. but i don't see him winning this fight. i'm unsure about amir khan's chin i've only watched a few of his fights but one of the fights he was caught and dropped in the first round. so to me his chin is a question mark but my views may not be as valid as others because like i said i haven't seen much of him yet. but i think he beat malignaggi i don't see a ko happening because malignaggi has a good chin. he's showed it time and time again. but i think khan wins decisively.
why a sudden opening of so many branches in the klang valley?
i urge you to go out and buy these two books for your loved ones this christmas. they will love you all the more for it.
canned: brewdog punk (the good ones)
. ‘racist prejudice and stereotyping can work and be evident both ways.’ (para .). given the fury directed at the police this single sentence is hardly an impressive example of trying to be balanced.
and i have loved you to death
(i will take a small pause outside of my usual kfd banter here....honestly i can't find anything funny or witty to say about this incident because two weeks later it still angers me to the core and brings me to near tears to think about that night as i cannot imagine any situation whatsoever that i would not let a woman in labor take a taxi at night during a snowstorm....none. the fact that i found two sets of people within minutes of each other who had no problems doing this makes it really hard for me not to question the quality of people in this area or make huge generalizations about parisians. i will try and do neither but suffice it to say we are moving to montreuil in february and no one could be happier to say au revoir to tourist central paris than me). ok back to it....
so why do they hate us? sex or more precisely hymens explains much.
two? don't you let people know i mean wasn't there any announcement?
one of my alltime favorite books is the third eye by lois duncan. i’ve read this book at least half a dozen times since i first read it in high school. funnily enough i haven’t read any of duncan’s better known books like stranger with my face i know what you did last summer and killing mr. griffin.
scrub potatoes to clean them. bake potatoes at degrees for about one hour or until tender.
marisol: how do you do it.
there website the woombie is named after these sleeper things they make i wish i knew about these when mine were that age
indiana – “looks like virginia – but with better teeth.”
it was past four when i crawled into bed my head and limbs a little bit heavy but with a happy heart and a prize sitting on my kitchen counter ready for me to devour this morning: poptarts the frosted strawberry kind
it's been awhile since i've baked a cake and i absolutely love cake. in fact i love cake so much that i've been known to buy a box of zebra cakes and eat the entire box for dinner. maybe.
i spent saturday at the red pencil in the woods conference nerding out with a a bunch of people who wanted to talk about the future of ebooks as i much i do. i was there with lam one of my fabulous new colleagues from girl friday to lead a discussion group about our group business model. chatting with all those lonely freelancers made me appreciate anew my good luck at finding the girls friday.
this drony album was originally recorded but released for the first time in . limited to handnumbered copies.
saturday and sunday were the sessions days. in an intelligent manner six sessions with different topics each with a host and a mind mapper were staged in the building of the ism (international school of management). an average of people (% always changing the session after each session) worked out thesis for the future strategies of tourism. here are the results:
so why is that and what does it matter?
the next round of qe will likely target mortgage backed securities (mbs). they could potentially do nominal gdp targeting. this would be where they say they are targeting % nominal economic growth. then take into account that inflation (in their eyes) is only %. if nominal growth is only % (with their fairy tale % cpi number) that means they need to print another % to get the nominal gdp to %. in real terms growth is zero but in nominal terms it would be %.
we made enough on the sale of the house to cover everything and had some spare change. we kept it simple sold but fricken nearly everything. had about kilos of personal stuff and mementos photo albums cd’s etc in a box that we shipped to uk about two weeks before the plane flight. the rest came with us in our bags packed to the max.
run forest run…
insurance companies or some of them have been taking weather risk much more seriously for years.
no panic.
is it necessary is something we have to ask ourselves because something we want to say might be funny or informative or juicy news but then again might not be necessary. we all have things at times we want to share but in reality these things are destructive and not worth saying. we underestimate the power of words so we need to ask how necessary it is to share information and stories with other people. when we go to say anything to people we should ask ourselves these three questions: is it true? is it kind? is it necessary?
on september of the same year petitioner filed a motion for relief under rule praying for the setting aside of the decision on the ground of excusable negligence. the alleged negligence consisted of the erroneous computation by counsel’s clerk of the period within which an appeal may be made said clerk being of the impression that the prescriptive period to appeal in certiorari cases is also days like in ordinary civil actions instead of days as provided in section of rule . the motion for relief was denied for lack of merit. petitioner interposed an appeal to the court of appeals but this court certified the case to us the question involved herein being one of law.
my question for you is this – are you and your team members that eager to get additional training and improve your skills. it doesn’t matter how long you’ve been in this industry you need to constantly be improving yourself.
have you heard about the fabulousness that is olioboard?? i just discovered it a few weeks ago and i am a tad bit obsessed. if you haven't tried it out you have to asap you will become obsessed just like me but i swear you will be thankful. on the site you can make mood boards for home decor. i like to make a plan for a space before i begin decorating it so this is a great way to visualize my ideas.
when i first met jason in march of he and his wife were running a research trapping operation living in a remote cabin in sunlight basin wyoming with their twoyearold daughter. kate his wife was eight months pregnant; on the day i met her she told me she was headed out to ski up a pass to look the carcass of a skinned mountain lion that some hunters had killed the day before. ‘intimidated’ doesn’t begin to describe the feeling that this family evoked. i thought they were crazily obsessed. but within six months i was paying my own tithes to the quest for wolverine data – i became so sick on my first wolverine trek that i could hardly walk and spent a night on the cold ground in the middle of the wilderness at feet – and finding myself in a truck laden with capture supplies driving through a snowstorm along deserted roads at : in the morning seemed a natural evolution. once you’re hooked you’re really hooked.
ancient history
enervated enfeebled and effete
can anyone guess yet what is wrong with this picture? i have contact with the outside world (phone) hydration (water) and the impetus upon which to write this blog (laptop). what else is missing right?
i am trained to help hindus buddhists jains christians and atheists to grow spiritually. i shall commit to a monthly meeting with the concerned person in a neutral setting like a restaurant. by profession i am a permanent assistant professor in english who after having cleared the ugc conducted net examination has studied religion and spiritual guidance separately in a seminary. by birth and conviction i am a hindu by orientation i am a humanist and believe in the power of the spokenritten word to change others. i am married with one daughter. i am now completing my phd. i write in both catholic and hindu journals. i also have a protected blog. the following are the exact services i offer: a) helping the client to grow spiritually and later selfactualizegrow in self esteem. b) i use contemporary psychoanalytical tools to support the individual including basic yoga and art ( visual textual and philosophical) therapies. c) i am available to a client who finds me suitable for herimself through chat blackberry messenger and texting after the first meeting. what i do not offer: a) help for psychiatric disorders. ( i can refer the client to psychiatrists and after medication one can continue with therapy) b) change of another's belief system. c) taking decisions for others. d) i lay no value in miracles and would help the client to see the miracle of daily life. demands from the client. a) footing of the bill at the tea coffee place. b) rs for per face to face interaction. c) a monthly fee of rs for the whole month; to be payed in advance if the client clicks with me and wants to continue the process of selfactualization. d) return same day flight to and from your city ( if you are outside of kolkata) and conveyance to and from the airport. what to expect from spiritual counselling? a) peace and increased selfconfidence. b) acceptance of the self. c) ability to do away with spiritual counselling and becoming a guide of others down the line. d) greater feelings of autonomy and well being.
lehmberg's somewhat blindered bunker mentality imo doesn't stem from some nefarious desire to falsely convict anyone but from the tunnel vision that comes frpm working as a prosecutor in the same office for nearly forty years (which is how long she'll have been there when this contested next term ends). my sense is charlie baird will be more willing to try new things and move more aggressively to improve processes when errors happen if only because he'll have no personal institutional stakes in defending the status quo a reflex which from time to time seems to stymie the incumbent.
it flows into a wider sea
eggwhites until soft peaks form. then gradually add sugar.
being that i choose to utilize the weight watchers points+ system to manage my weight loss this is the tool that i rely on to assist me in keeping things in order.
garrell’s show acknowledges that this territory remains complicated. we know for instance that christopher wool and albert oehlen are good friends show with the same galleries and have impacted each other’s work so it should be field day to have wool himself choose his favorite oehlen and put the work next to his own. but in pouring over these wonderful canvases what do we really find out? we’ve enjoyed the odd abstractions of mary heilmann and it is wonderful to find her work next to other strange eccentric art works by bacon nauman and beuys but what do we discover? mark grotjahn has put forth a statement on modernist painting over the years that we suspected came from a cadre of great artists – how fun it is to find him choosing reinhardt kusama albers mclaughlin and mondrian. well that makes sense we say but where is the meat? what can be said other than that makes sense?
but it’s not that the occupiers are adrift at sea without a light to paddle towards. the light exists but it’s in the opposite direction from what they think. again etzioni;
an intense deep plum colour.
only a few populations are capable of building such societies and they are vastly superior to all others. that of course is why so many people from failed societies want to immigrate but when they come in sufficient numbers they destroy what they came to find.
guilt: godly sorrow for sins and misdeeds. an excellent motivator guilt has blessed the lives of millions of latterday saints throughout the world.
if you've been following the collection since the beginning you'll know that after the initial info was released there were licensing issues and the whole thing was almost scrapped. in the end the polish shades stayed the same but the names changed and each shade now represents one of the districts. hunger games fanatics will take note that there is no district polish. they should have made it a base coat you know? since it's the undergroundidden district? anyway...
this one is from first kiss of spring by flergs and sugarplum paperie. i bought this kit a while back and am just now getting around to using it.
update: this giveaway is now closed.
i had to make a couple of substitutions and they are noted below. you can find tons of dairy free and soy free substitutions in your whole food markets. you will note that i used the spectrum dairy free and soy free shortening to substitute for both the vegetable oil and and shortening. i melted the spectrums to oil consistency before adding to cake. i also have been using coconut oil as a substitute in baking and cooking. taste great and can substitute for the vegetable oil. voila
you'll love jonah ronnie's year old brother. he's like an angel to me. i have soft spots for younger brothers cos i actually have one. he's a happy boy full of energy and loves his father so much. it gives a sort of balance to the story ronnie hating his father and jonah loving and enjoying every minute he spends with his dad. if the case is they both hate their father i think the story would be so hard to endure.
i believe in god the father almighty creator of heaven and earth.
busy mama kit
that trembles in the breast:
. hard work and sweat are not to be feared or minimized. they feel darn good
. chromatics killing spree
grateful to god for the blessings of the day and praying for the mother of the groom tomorrow she is hubbie's first cousin and one of my best school friends not long ago she was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor she wants to see her son get married tomorrow and i pray that god makes that possible for her.
) the hippopotamus by stephen fry
article was first published in the guardian and taken from that website.
· .project to connect agartala with akhaura in bangladesh to be taken up in .
the results one year on are dramatic; i don't just mean that i'm now a published author either. i finally left the band for good last month (i'm going to their first gig without me on thursday and looking forward to it now that i'm free of the stress of playing). i killed the webcomic for good back in july. i couldn't get rid of the phd that easily the best way to get free of it is just to push ahead and finish as quickly as possible but i'm more or less up to the halfway point of the work and hoping to do most of the rest in the oncoming year. i've even more or less sorted out my personal life.
marinara
i’d thank my lucky stars
also do not go to an outlet store for your first pair of shoes or if you are changing brands like i did. another hard lesson that i pass on to you: an outlet store is an outlet store. it is not a running store. i assumed the outlet store right next to new balance corporate headquarters would be staffed by runners who knew about running shoes. au contraire these stores are staffed by sales people who may know nothing about running or running shoes.
they’ll never be boney
what the fulford clone fails to bring to light is this all a false flag scenario by the cabal. the cabal will arrange the destruction of tokyo and the cabal will be behind the retalitations.
the next day i sent the fellow a nice email thanking him for offering me the unicycle gig but that i was not confident riding backwards. i looked forward to hearing from the stilt trainer. he did not write back.
words so far....
“i’ll fetch the catoninetails from the cupboard at once sir.”
“right now the best thing that you all can do for him is get him to tell you his problems don’t him keep everything inside let him open up to you make him happy and make sure that he eats properly… anorexia is a very serious and dangerous condition.” the doctor continues.
gillian mcmurray
you know how i know i am the most embarrassing mom on earth? because i locker crash my boy his first few weeks of middle school with a bag full of organizing goodies. and then i make him wait with his little brothers around the corner while i put it all together and then do a "reveal" when i am all finished. all while taking photos. to top it off i proceed to blog about it with a post titled "pimp my locker". wow.
soundquality: ou rates this one out of . back to the old mastertape collection for some loverboy. this recording turned out very good imo. had been a fan of these canadian rockers since their first album back in . was really great to finally see them in concert. they got a really great reception from the stockholm crowd. don´t think i ever traded this one back in the day so this is a bit of a premiere. hope you all will enjoy this nice little piece of music history. and please don´t share this one in any lossy format.
the occupy wall street movement caused chaos during the morning rush hour in new york thursday as protesters tried to block workers in the financial district from getting to their offices.
sir john chilcot: good morning prime minister. perhaps we could start at the beginning… when you first heard of plans to invade iraq?
“stop it morgan it’s okay” her father with hands already cuffed behind him and unable to pick her up looked down with an awful helplessness at how she tugged his leg “just“ he didn’t get a chance to finish that thought or encouragement.
mr. feinberg cut his policy teeth at the heritage foundation. he later served as an aide to u.s. sens. tom coburn and rand paul two fellas who know a thing or two about sound economics.
you’re quite active on twitter (@nyofficial) — have there been times when you sent out a tweet and seconds later thought “i shouldn’t have sent that?”
what do you think? join the discussion on hmforces.co.uk.
to explore further on amazon uk click below:
essentially the second circuit determined that a copy made in a foreign country was not lawfully made under the copyright act. i commend judge murtha's dissent for careful study the decision is embedded below.
i thought mexico was bad but it was really nothing compared to round in chitown. i was just knocked flat on my back. i think i'll look back on this and laugh but i'm not *quite* yet recovered (nearly days later) so i think i'll hold off a couple more days before i begin chuckling.
i like to have all of our clothes picked out by saturday night for church on sunday. less scrambling and decision making at the last minute before church. i lay my husband's suit shirt and tie out while he is showering so that is one less thing he will have to do. this is something that is not expected of me but that i enjoy doing. before i ever even start to get myself ready i get nevaeh all dressed and lay out her bible her offering and a canned food that she takes each sunday to give to our local food pantry.i then focus my attention on my sunday school teaching materials making sure they are in the bag. i check to make sure all of the necessary items needed for the children's message are in the bag too. so as you can see there is a lot to do to actually make it all run smoothly and get us out the door by : a.m.
blessed are you o god of our fathers and blessed be your holy and glorious name for ever. let the heavens and all creatures bless you. you made adam and gave him eve his wife as a helper and support. from them the race of mankind has sprung. you said 'it is not good that the man should be alone; let us make a helper for him like himself.' and now o lord i am not taking this sister of mine because of lust but with sincerity. grant that i may find mercy and may grow old together with her. amen.
that evening brit's grandparents joined us at our house for dinner.
even if i remain unsure of the turning of the year there are signs that cannot be ignored. in the morning flowers no longer turn their dawn faces to the sun they have produced seed made hay while the sun shone and shut down for the year. some flowers bloom in the autumn but the fragile flowers do not last. wind blown they become broken within a week. currawongs have returned with their bouncing flight and wind up toy voices. the grass on the back lawn a poor choice to be sure grows green again and the tropical grass on the front lawn a better choice by far yellows in the failing light. fruit glows on the branches of some trees hidden by fences by day found by bats at night. one makes a mistake and lands on a live wire and hangs like a fruit itself. air dried. fruit bat indeed.
okay it's not going to be so secret after this post obviously. that's more or less the point; expose the %$&*er and hope it goes away.
would become relics of an unnoticed tale
there’s a lot of new characters in this season which is hardly surprising. obviously some fall into stereotypes but for the most part i think they’re originally enough to get more than a passing score. to add to that the main character is original and very funny probably even more so than the first season. his “assistant” isn’t going to gather any points but i feel she works well as his sidekick. in retrospect i kind of view them as a manzai team – where she is “the straight man” and he’s “the funny man”. they don’t really fit into those role that well at all but just very vaguely. i mean he does and says some crazy things every now and then which she “the straight man” counters with normality.
tendulkar’s greatness lies beyond his spectacular numbers beyond his breathtaking strokeplay beyond his towering records and even beyond his mind numbing consistency. the only measure of his true greatness is the ease with which he has shouldered the expectations of a cricket crazy nation for such a long period and with such amazing grace. from the prodigious year old facing wasim and waqar on a torrid faisalabad pitch to the dynamic year old scoring an odi double ton in gwalior; from the determined year old smashing hughes and reid in perth to the overpowering year old uppercutting akhtar in durban; tendulkar has delivered series after series year after year decade after decade with amazing consistency. no other batsman has scored with this consistency over this long a period playing so many international games. even today when his failures are magnified and often not tolerated this indian colossus continues to further his legend.
(in cases involving contact or nearcontact wounds a special type of highspeed blood spatter known as “backspatter” or “blowback” will sometimes be detected on the exterior of the firearm. examination for blood should be both visual and chemical as the “backspatter” may not always be visible to the naked eye.)
my rd couldn't speak intelligibly until this year and the first time any of his teachers mentioned anything was nd grade. then she asked if she wanted her to initiate a speech eval and i never heard about it again after she agreed to do it. this was after i took him in to be tested at through the school district and they told me he wasn't delayed enough qualify for speech therapy.
our final walk through is monday april th yay we went out a few days ago and we were completely shocked at everything that had been done. our carpets in our kitchen floor had been fixed and changed to the wood ours lights were all in and working our toilets in and working the exteriors were almost done…etc.
just as lisa koll is the conference’s most dominating athlete on the women’s side hurdler ronnie ash may be on the men’s side. ash leads the nation in the high hurdles at . – his winning time here – and has five races under . this season.only wr holder dayron robles and current world leader david oliver have run faster this season. ash should head into eugene as one of the strongest favorites in the meet having won the title last year while at bethune cookman.
glory be
artist and writer letizia mancino's style is very creative and witty. her imagination is outstanding.
any
i went through weeks of searching for them on craigslist. the girls got to draw (fabric markers) on their own pea pillow.
and if she didn’t kill it? that meant something too. it meant she had to figure out how to improve in one or all of the above ways. how she went about it was up to her and her guild but when the next tier was up for grabs as soon as they were ready to claim it there was no incentive but to try to find a way there. this wasn’t even a state of failure—after all there was always an upcoming boss yet to be killed (unless you were in a tiny minority). it was simply the order of things and any given time the goal was use what you had in term of gear and skills to take another step forward. the player described here was having a true gaming experience: each goal was attained whenever she found a way to reach it.
eldest middle and youngest
if you are interested in any of them just click on the job titles and it will take you to the job description.
so to you pnp may we see an end to your blunders soon. do train hard you obviously need it.
she tasted just as sweet and delicious as he thought she would. her lips were soft and pliant under his as she kissed him back her tongue eagerly seeking his out.
so this got me thinking how much i have come on since then and i thought id set us all a little challenge till the end of may.
but it's true about a long journey about how the destination sometimes doesn't matter as much as the adventure of it and the companionship.
for the first minutes or so you listen to the members of smap talk about how that night was the last night of their tour and how the year before was tough because one of their members had to leave the band for a while.
growing up we unwrapped christmas on christmas eve but ben....he did it christmas morning. as a mom i like the fact that i can send the kids off to bed practically vibrating with excitement and some how they manage to keep theirselves in the bed all in the hopes of making it one.more.night i'm a wee bit psychotic that way...but i find it funny.
it took me over a month to read life and fate but i would happily read it all over again tomorrow.
we hear that term a lot in medicine. interactions occur when an effect is not present but suddenly is present when conditions are met. with medicine a side effect of taking pill a with pill b could be a feeling of dizziness even though each pill by itself cannot cause that to occur. however when both medicines are in your system together the effect is made obvious.
fun fun fun
where are the public sector employers? where are the entrepreneurial organizations? where are the academic employers or the charities or those whose market is the over s?
sunday: another early wake up call (i get up hours earlier on the weekend it's crazy) and my stomach was a pissed off mfer. great. i took it easy and choked down breakfast and coffee and waited for my stomach to feel better. thankfully it was ok by the time i needed to leave. i was nervous knowing i didn't have kim for this run (she has been spoiling me) but happy that a bunch of running club peeps were coming out.
there is a definite difference in the two hives – one is much stronger with more activity and in thinking about the queens they did appear different. i am rationalizing one is older and her hive is booming while the other is younger. both hives are active but one sure is outperforming the other. in fact
from the depths of darkness a small shadowy figure appears muttering something about rabbits and i wonder if my subconscious has crossed over into donny darko land. suddenly the shadow pounces landing heavily on my bed only it's not a giant blue rabbit it's a small tiger. scribe junior and he has a book in hand his face serious. he's on a mission.
so what paul had heard was the literal word of god and what he was telling his shipmates was nothing less than the word of the lord.
grooms should be involved in the wedding planning process from square one. the sooner the involvement the less separation he will experience from you and from the wedding itself. there are many things a groom can and should do. think about square one – the first step. a date for the wedding has to be set. date setting should be a joint project between two loving equal partners. the location of the wedding also has to be a joint decision. the groom should have a say in where the ceremony takes place as well.
“faith” her eyes were wide with absolute horror as she lurched forward to catch me.
digressing just a touch...can we just take a moment to appreciate how the right pants combined with the right pose make it look like i have a smokin' hot j.lo booty in that first shot? usually i've got curves like kate moss has plus size ad campaigns but in this shot i've got the booty goin' on
oh yeah just sharing. i have this boss (actually he’s my boss’ boss) and well he loves the series; in fact we watch the same set of series we talk about how i met your mother every monday shift; in fact i try to go to work a bit earlier just to talk about this. we compare observations and speculations etc. amazing right? he’s awesome seriously how many of you can actually say that you boss is as cool as mine?
and picked dream up once more
 do you let your daughter go into a boys room when she says she is going over to "hang out"?
note: the marks of the new birth are fear and hope
i thought i might share one of my favorite scenes with you here and see if you like it. oh...i guess i should share the blurb too so you'll know what the book is about:
i’d better warn you though – watch this with the sound down because the backing song is really really annoying.
now in this passage it appears that peter said here that the lord jesus christ has two above him. one is god and the other is the father. so now there is here . god and . the father and . the lord jesus christ. however god in this passage is one and the father is one. jesus is one. so far it is three. however the first two are the same or are they? who is god the first person or is the first person the father?
 all over now :
· they believe they will attain perfection on earth
fresh chopped tomato (totally optional)
she became attached to my hip especially since we moved to jakarta. it’s normal because she’s in a new environment and have spent a lot of time with me alone as i don’t know many people who have kids of her age. i drag her everywhere when i have errands. now i have two days with hours in the morning when she’s going to be in school and it makes me feel better to do stuff that doesn’t cater to her needs and i can do that without feeling guilty.
in his shannonside northern sound interview yesterday fr cusack said they had sent smyth for treatment many times. they had “conferred with professionals” who had used “aversion techniques” which were “not effective in this case”.
my prayer journal
in fact a parliamentary standing committee report on finance had questioned the legality of the collection of biometrics for creating a citizen database in december . also the process of creation of a citizens’ database was outsourced to a third party with no means of adequate monitoring of their activities. the union finance minister seems to have placed immense faith in this onetechnology driven initiative to deliver many ambitious fiscal targets. but most of the uidbased delivery schemes will be pilot projects to be rolled out in a few chosen districts. it is unlikely that they will improve the efficiency and accuracy of the government’s gargantuan welfare schemes this year.
eleanor roosevelt.
and petals fall in her wake of the ultimate knowing that all hold dear and share.
and then moon felt himself been lifted on top of doggy shoulders and getting carried away into the short grass above the sea.
well that proved a theory i suspected.
managed living four years with my trial.
jolene was in star trek enterprise. popular music is a form of private
the closing date for submissions is the th september . the entries will the be judged by an industry panel and the winners notified by email and post by friday th october.
it seems every moron with a computer that has something to send out (most likely in a mass mailing) has me on their short list of senders.
put the pan back into the oven and bake for about minutes until the meringue is just very lightly browned.
in before moving to another city many miles from home my little brother and i went on an adventure our parents hauled our horses and all our supplies to a local state park miles from home we camped out for the weekend enjoyed the time with our horses. we took them swimming and then trail rode until evening then after bedding them down would make our supper and sleep in our little pup tent. we packed up our supplies and headed for home at the end of our weekend it was a very long ride for a little yr old boy and by the end he was completely beat but we did it our grand adventure
all that broke my wilful attempts at telekinetic lockpicking was the glaring security light which suddenly came on from somewhere above me. humiliating seemed to be the only fitting word to describe the scene. here i was standing in the pouring rain wet through nearly o’clock looking shaggy and dishevelled and to cap it off the almighty decided to put me under the spot light quite literally for all to see
through kiva you can loan as little as $ to an entrepreneur in one of countries. the entrepreneur will pay you back over time which means that you can reloan that $ again and again. your gifts are literally multiplied how cool is that?
now for a country that is supposedly against the “rich” as the media has droned on about and the way being rich is used as a political football as classwarfare is the tool of the day it seems a lot desire to be there doesn’t it?
pleis jr gentleman jf. using the national health interview survey: time trends in influenza vaccinations among targeted adults. eff clin pract ; (suppl. ): e.
as with most partnerships children bring complications as much as they bring joy. children really test the stances you agree on and the differences between your ideas of family care discipline and sacrifice. they add extra work and demand extra time all of which brings new negotiations. they compel parents to take the implicit and honestly interrogate it as gently as they can to see what’s actually there what’s actually shared what’s actually possible. so many things that were easy or didn’t need planning or could happen without full communication have changed and every path is a two way street that presents choices about the direction the whole family will go. and this is the crux of the whole thing. either you choose a direction together or everyone eventually goes their own way.
i stepped away from the bar and sprinted once around the track fast. furious.
nine homegrown players started for the new york mets tonight. i won't be getting into all my previously disturbed rants about how angry i "was" (that can change quickly...it all depends on jeff) with this club and the direction they should have been working towards.
two foreign words you may not be able to pronounce but whose meaning you surely will recognize.
as usual you may create whatever you wish be it atc card scrapbook layout tag inchie x the choice is yours. as always add your creation to your blog or email me direct with the picture if you don't have a blog. leave me a comment with a direct link to your work of art and i will pop over to have a look. please include a link to my challenge site on your blog. thanks and enjoy the challenge.
acorn butternut spaghetti and kabocha squash .b. at newflower (through )
a website has been set up by the dhs for collection of the proposals. access to zaniesagainstterror.gov is open source so that comics can feed off of each other’s krazy energy. though the domain was only set up friday there’s already an impressive collection for officials at the transportation security administration to consider.
we did not have playstations nintendo wii xboxes no video games at all no channels on sky no videovd films or colour tv no mobile phones no personal computers no internet or internet chat rooms. we had friends and we went outside and found them
on the bright side my cup runneth over with creative ideas to try and recreate in the next few months.
powered by a single williams inter–national fja turbofan the djet should have a lb. tanksfull payload cruise as fast as ktas at fl and fly at least nm at its ktas longrange cruise speed and land with nbaa ifr reserves. it will have two seats in the cockpit and three seats in the main cabin.
else tonight but my own thoughts.
“it is not right for the police to ask for a copy of a presentation in an academic setting. academicians cannot be prevented from learning the various sides of a philosophy. how can they deny students an opportunity to understand the different points of view on a matter?” he asks. when asked how the university management manage to stand up to police pressure raj laughing says “fortunately we don’t have a vice chancellor.”
nope there’s simply no way that eleven year old colton could ever have seen jesus’s bloody wounds or other images of heaven even though his father todd is an evangelical pastor in nebraska. and of course it defies belief to think that colton could simply make up that his miscarried sister whom he had never seen had hair similar in color to that of his older sister. ergo jesus colton could of course heard someone else mention the miscarriage or it could simply have been a lucky guess. how many other things did colton say that weren’t credible?
there may be some changes to come... but i promise that they will be awesome ones i'm just trying to decide what those changes might be... should be.
no. no. and no.
i really love fresh flowers and hydrangea are some of my favorites we cannot seem to get lilac to grow well here but it is so beautiful so near my sitting area we are planning for a large grouping of hydrangea and some hedging to back it.
first of all apologies for my lack of blogging.
c.s. lewis and others have said that jesus must be taken seriously. we can’t write him off as a good moral teacher or a great jewish rabbi. he claimed that he was god. the famous saying goes that he would then be either a liar (and a blasphemous despicable one at that) a lunaticool or the very lord and messiah that he claimed to be.
’s willy wonka and the chocolate factory as an old testament parable—discuss:
but wait there's more
steven bejarno ruthann friedmann fingers and bryan chan will help us to celebrate the milestone.
the formula is to.die.for. this is two coats but that's only because i'm a habitual twocoater. it looked just like this at one coat. the formula is on the thicker side but not in an annoying way and it flows quite precisely on the nail. i barely had to clean up at all.
vaughan rapatahana ko mutu inaianei no kai whetumatarau 
it is pretty obvious that all the numbers dealing with the so called recovery and the american economy is nothing more than manipulated propaganda. i see it everyday on my commute to and from work. i see it everyday in the feeble attempts of projects pushed out by the company i work for capitalizing on nothing more than targets of opportunity for quick cash. the solid over spending schools that were counted on for millions before are just not buying over priced materials like they used to. hell... they aren't buying em at all now because the bankruptcy agreements and state take overs won't let them. the traffic during normal business flow times just isn't there either. lies i tell you.
windwalker was pretty fun considering the rotation is not yet finished. it’s a bit mindless — use rising sun kick and fists of fury on cd then just bash whichever button is glowing — but it’s fast and slaying dragons with your bare fists is pretty cool. it didn’t really feel like a new class though. more like a slightly different rogue.
does nietzsche’s premise of masters and slaves inevitably lead to fascism?
towards the end of my stay i was thinking about approaching a woman that was by herself eating. and it wasn’t about attraction or anything like that at all. it was more like “why don’t i go introduce myself and offer her an ear to listen.” why is she alone? is she lonely? does she need help?
advice…i’d say best of luck and always be you. study never ends every experience can teach you a lot about yourself and your craft but be prepared for a lot of rejection discouragement lean times hungry times many dayseeksonths years of hard work and sacrifice for brief moments of joyulfillment…damn are you sure you want to do this to yourself? i hope you ain’t getting into it for fame and fortune ‘cuz i know a lot of very talented and skilled performers who’ve been doing it for years and will never have fame and fortune. if you still want to “get into the industry” despite all that again i wish you good luck.
see that mellow golden yellow?
because march marks the end of a weird gestation period in formula every year. the sleepy winter tends to see racing factories “shut down” though you know the engineers and supernerds are all still grinding away at race car design in secret. the season’s race cars are typically introduced around january. then all the teams go to various racetracks and test the shit out of their new cars. problem is you can rarely tell what they’re testing for – often it’s aerodynamics sometimes it’s a suspension setup sometimes it’s an exhaust configuration sometimes it’s fuel consumption sometimes it’s the tires. but the lap times these cars rack up are typically useless to your average fan because you don’t know what they’re testing for. still all of that comes to an end by early march. the bullshit stops because it’s pencils down and every team packs up their race gear – cars tools marketing swag all of it – into large containers and fly the lot to australia for the first grand prix race of the season. march is when everyone stops fucking around. march is when f gets real.
chance.
.mix watersalt and butter.
the unreasonable optimism
well my professor has an opinion and it’s a strong one.
bp is planning to start three new oil drilling rigs in the gulf of mexico this year. the launch of the new rigs will bring the number of bp rigs in the gulf to eight – more than the oil giant had before the devastating deepwater horizon disaster three years ago.
those shares have been sold to genii and will be then taken by lotus cars which is owned by proton.
i questioned the originality relevance and feasibility of the proposed policies and a frank discussion ensued. it seemed clear from hart’s reaction and subsequent behaviour that he had indeed taken authorship of that misguided policy.
sound pretty bad doesn't it? but check out what other climateologists have to say. i suggest you read this
intrinsic factor is essential for the absorption of cobalamin. a lack of intrinsic factor also leads to pernicious anemia so called because it persists despite iron supplementation. neurologic symptoms often precede anemia when cobalamin is deficient.
after picking up a couple other treats we headed to the cashier. i asked if there was any way to make sure this wasn't left over from last year. she emphatically told me there was no way this could be left over from last year; they keep a very tight inventory and there's no way it would be old.
at the funeral they had balloons for all the grandkids and greatgrandkids to release in the air. it was a beautiful sight to such a sad day....
i realise some people don’t believe in cosmetic ‘rejuvenation’ and the like but i am a firm believer that you should do whatever you want if it makes you feel better.
ace gallery los angeles
“have a good time last night?” i asked.
with more strength you’re more capable of performing any sort of sportctivity such as going on a hike with your family and friends spontaneously participating in sports etc.
favorite syracuse restaurant: when seeking restaurant recommendations for syracuse new york nearly everyone mentioned dinosaur barbque. they were largely correct and i will add my recommendation as well. forget the wine list this is a place for beer hard cider and cocktails. for food go for items like the catfish strips cornbread and bbq pork ribs. a casual place service is very good and the prices are reasonable.
first things first. . .. as always there are two adorable images on sale for just $ and you're certainly going to want to grab them. perfect for spring cards mother's day cards which is quickly approaching as well as birthday cards. well they're really good for just about any occasion.
life what is it but a dream?
seat reservations
the set list said the first band was supposed to kick things off at pm. so pm came and went. nothing unusual there really. pm came along. it yawned. had a smoke went for a piss and fucked off. irritating? yes. unheard of? hardly.
*we will begin handing out wristbands to people who purchase deadlocked from bookpeople when we open at :am on saturday may . if you purchase your copy of the book from bookpeople in advance of the event please save your receipt and present it on may to receive a wristband. wristbands are color coded. the color of your wristband designates when you’ll be called to line up and have your book signed at the event.
dear jamie dimon
i have a brilliant and strong younger sister. we fought like hell when we were growing up but i think most siblings did we have a bond like no other and she truly inspires me at times. i need to remind myself to be more grateful for her sometimes.
the other day – th january – was the epiphany and on that day quite by coincidence i had an epiphany. i made the realisation that when i deduct the cost of childcare from my takehome pay i’m left with € per month or €eek. apparently – according to my twitterfriends who know more about these things – if i stopped working i would get a prsi payment of €eek for the first months. i don’t know if that figure is then taxed – researching unemployment benefit has never previously been on my agenda; but if it’s not it means that the difference between me sitting at my desk and sitting at home is €ay.
: michael marlow the economic inpact of smoking bans in hospitality venues
talked with tim our lawyer he says he’d buy some corn. some of the guys at general fabricators would as well. keith and bruce too at s&s. we’ll see i’d like to be harvesting enough to sell to some of our local stores instead of just to people on the side of the road. however i probably would make more money continuing to sell by the road. stores have to mark it up and maybe it’s not worth all that trouble volume isn’t everything.
but i love somebody new
no matter how far the rough path takes you.
on the other hand there are beautiful women friendly mosques that inspire me and expose me to leaders and scholars that help empower women and allow me to become acquainted with others (women and men). together we strive for the betterment of our community which is what islam is all about. i jump up excitedly when we go.
dates: jun aug ; agerade range: yo
in all the weeks and months of feeling like a failure of doubting myself and the gifts i have i was given the reassurance that i do have a place in this world…that i do have something to offer and i can come back stronger more confident and more able. i already have everything i need to make my life work.
the resulting urban core sample has the look of a toy oven or vending machine—as if in the latter case we could someday just a few quarters into a streetside machine and walk away holding complete miniature rooms intact down to their ads and posters extruded from some kind of selfreplicating mastermodel.
when i got home i peeled my clothes of and left a trail not at all unlike one might expect on the bedroom floor of a honeymoon suite right before business time. i hurled myself onto the bed and fell asleep with my head still banging. i had a pretty unusual dream… i had had this dream before though.
the contemporary rebirth of the assault pack in the enduring fight with the caliphate is due almost totally a result of the vehiclebased operations even for "light" infantry (as i've mentioned repeatedly calling a fighting force that travels to within two kilometers of the objective in motorized vehicles and then walks the last little bit "light infantry" is ridiculous). when you expect to perform a mission after a onemile jaunt then return just as quickly to the trucks only to be returned to the fob in time for a meal and bedtime there's little reason to carry more than a simple daypack. when a guerrilla fighter has to literally live out of his ruck with his entire sustenance and shelter only what he can carry for the duration of an operation an assault pack will only suffice if your missions will be raids on the next door neighbors.
anna: whatever mom said you would be home an hour ago.
½ cup onions finely chopped
eventually we considered their assurance of safety and felt that companyrelated taxi cabs (like the toyota camry) was safer although it was much more expensive compared to the regular pink ones that nobody is moderating or monitoring. considering that we are going to travel in an unknown place towards a border that we don’t know exactly what to expect we gave in to baht after much bargaining (from baht) and negotiation. after all safety will always be priceless and should be prioritized at all times.
photos from my local show including my best ever carrots (and parsnips) will follow soon in the next post. i think i’ve finally cracked it and confident i can grow better carrots next year rather than the usual fingerthick spindly things i’ve grown up to now
" you are currently in the middle of writing the orthogonal trilogy. what prompted you to begin such a project and what do you hope to gain from such an endeavor?
if you've made sure to smooth out all puckers in advance your sleeve should turn out perfectly set and pucker free
brooch: thrifted
. “when i first saw taemin i thought he was really pretty. at that time there was a trainee noona in front of him and taemin was even prettier than her.” (eunhyuk)
but sitting here thinking about it that isn't an answer really. it is the answer i am willing to get into with people who ask me why i hunt. the people who ask that question always ask with that smug tone of voice. like i am a bad person for wanting to provide my own meat.
she: ok let’s go
location: usfs
for those who are unfamiliar jalāl addīn muḥammad rūmī known as rumi was a theologian and scholar and poet of the th century in afghanistan. his native language was persian but his work has been translated into english(among other languages) and is one of my great inspirations.
my faith in books is slowly being restored. two good books in a row what the what? i was starting to feel i just couldn’t find the worthwhile dystopian young adult books but luckily i have some friends who do a little of the grunt work for me. jenna let me borrow this one promising i wouldn’t be disappointed and she delivered.
my islam is unity without division or exception
the pitman painters play by lee hall is now showing in seattle. i wrote to the theatre to tell them my dad was one of the ashington art group and i have some of his paintings. "would they like to see them?" i asked. i was invited to a nice lunch with the cast of the show and we talked for about another hour with a reporter from the seattle times ..........before stopping off at the pub.
"v.p.a" (from vale) golden ale. .% abv
 tablespoons ghee
combine raspberry puree lemon juice egg yolks and cup sugar in a small saucepan. place heat on medium and whisk mixture constantly until thickened. turn off from heat and add butter. stir until smooth and combined. pour mixture through sieve and place in fridge to cool.
this is david hendry 
pots pans and laundry were on one side
rachel martin has been working for the fbi as a psychic consultant for years now but psychics get no respect in the police department and rachel hears the whispers behind her back. at work and at home she tries to play down her psychic abilities telling everyone that she's a crime scene expert and that she's simply good a puzzles. but she can't get rid of her reputation the 'loony lady'.
i cant wait to see its little lips and toes and snuggle with that sweet babe it seems lately it's all i ever think about. god is good and we are daily thanking him for this new gift .
. take scheduled breaks. do limit yourself but working for hours and hours straight can be grating.
the host of the program responded to this string of banalities with a breathless reply “wow.” wow indeed.
and he seems unwilling to confront an important issue raised in my previous posting. i pointed out that the community benefits agreement was signed by brooklynbased groups but seems to benefit many outside brooklyn. the cba process raises the question of how to define the “community”: the geographical area? minority groups? africanamericans? and who speaks for that community?
i’ve cared for you
. figure out how to make powder room presentable. ($$$)
we should do the same."
these nuns were so sweet shy and humble. i reflected on their daily lives in the tibetan buddhist world. they don't get many of the privileges afforded to the monks and their education is often just learning to recite and memorize scripture without the higher teachings of philosophy. several projects (kopan monastery for nuns in nepal and tenzin palmo's dongyu gatsal ling nunnery in north india) have begun to redress this situation all with the blessings of hh the dalai lama.
one interesting intervention showed that asking participants to think about a compliment their partner gave them in an abstract manner (rather than just the details) implied the compliment was meaningful and resulted in increased selfesteem even in those with negative selfviews (marigold holmes & ross ). in another study participants were given feedback that they had personality traits both positive and negative that fit with many partners and were thus in high demand (murray et al. ). again participants with negative selfviews responded with a boost in selfesteem. together these findings suggest that changing reactions to positive feedback is possible but requires subtly implying the value of an individual in a way that does not contradict selfviews overtly.
and sank in tumult to a lifeless ocean.
coloringnk: copic markers crackle paint and memento ink (rich cocoa).
no play involved no dress code (this is a public place).
. . . that of all the propensities which teach mankind to torment themselves that of causeless fear is the most irritating busy painful and pitiable.
 c chicken broth or water
i see what i thought was me on the faces of others in the fashions of others in the haircuts of others.
like glee before it i was tempted to avoid watching this show like the god damn plague but after missing saturday's premiere of it on skyatlantic i caught one of the repeats of smash and well it made for an interesting(ish) hour.
look at the first "lamp" in my diagram. the shadow it leaves on the ground mimics the shape that we know the object would have in real life. so we have the cast shadow of the whole image.
for the lord is our judge
honestly i'm not a movie watcher so this commentarybservation is rather ironic coming from me. what do you think?
i am completely out of photography these days. need to start clicking again. the trip to kerala next week may help that part. which reminds me air india pilots may go on strike. i asked around for how to react if you come to know that the flight you were supposed to take has been cancelled after you reach the airport. no one replied. mummy
don’t forget to add a splash of hp (brown sauce) to the toppings. i forgot to mention it. thanks pauline.
so to today’s game at carrow road and what i guess in terms of the league is a dead rubber although the owners of the respective sides will want to see progress up the table for financial reasons places mean prizes for us i guess there is the incentive of trying to overhaul everton however since they overtook us we’ve like the panda’s in edinburgh zoo shown no interest getting down to business is this likely to change with the fa cup final a week away?
and now you're bored right?
over the next few weeks i will have more fun pages to share for this project ~ creative pocket pages more fullsized layouts & some creative ways display the brochures and memorabilia i picked up along our journey.
the snack selection ranges from flapjacks to natural nuts and seeds to dried fruits to mini cakes and tea to deli breads and chutneys. so far my rave range has to be the little dessert type punnets they include for example jaffa cake lemon meringue pie raspberry cheesecake – the list goes on. you get the taste of your most loved desserts – but made with whole foods and without the calorie laden cost (see lemon meringue below)
just for one day i would love to wake up and not feel the urge to dash out of bed and get cracking it is hard being hyperactive you know lol
everything seemed as normal as i remembered it and i was able to give double units of platelets. what i didn’t realize is that because it was approximately a year since my last platelet donation this time was like my first. the body sort of gets used to it with time and by that i mean this: your initial donation usually has um side effects and everyone is different in this. the most common thing to happen while undergoing the procedure is a tingly feeling in your lips and face. for this they give you tums calcium supplements which really does alleviate that feeling. when donating they use an anticoagulant such as sodium citrate. a very good post with information is here. i had a very good phlebotomist this time and was reminded of the time at a different hospital when the phleb. messed up both of my arms and i could not donate at all that day… got me really mad because it was quite a drive for me during the end of the day commute craziness.
love for horses love for gems
the good wife
i should mention that all of this circus crap is taking place in zill not in oriana (the kingdom not the person.) i didn’t mention this before because i didn’t know and it took a little caption that said “meanwhile in oriana’s kingdom…” for me to realize. at least i can read okay?
in research you often find yourself travelling over the same ground time and time again looking for a crack in the armour of some mystery. i find myself returning time and time again to certain authors to see what else can be discovered about them. my latest book gwyn evans: the lunatic the lover and the poet is the result of revisiting an author i first wrote about a decade ago. bear alley was started so that i could share bits of research with anyone who might find it of interest. the beauty of the blog format is that i don't have to have the whole story; on more than one occasion i've admitted defeat with research and there's even an irregular feature here called "mysteries that have me mystified" for just such occasions.
he was going to kill me after i ate my cheeseburger with ketchup large fries and a coke.
lawyer fadiah nadwa fikri told the malaysian insider the paris tribunal has no jurisdiction over the malaysian seen as a key witness in the ongoing hearing over allegations government officials were bribed by french defence giant dcns.
anyhow yesterday’s eating went well. i grabbed some pita chips and hummus for lunch to keep it fast and for supper i made healthy tuna melts i mixed tuna light mayo celery and onion in a container and spread that over bread. slapped on a slice of cheese and broiled in the oven on a cookie sheet with a light covering of olive oil cooking spray. not greasy delicious and very fast however i apparently forgot to take a photo.
don't worry nothingbutanapron.com is staying right where it is it's just the owners are moving. we will be renting a commercial kitchen until our new kitchen is approved don't you worry.
stifle their voice
if something happens when i am out of the room it is my fault not theirs. i apologize for leaving them alone and we can all move on. there is no need to blame or punish the kids. no matter how hard you try you can't be sure that you have gunproofed your child so you can comfortably leave the child alone with it. locking up the gun is the better option.
i have some paints floating about somewhere but i will happily resort to roarke’s poster paints if i can’t find anything else
transactivation of egf receptor induced by angiotensin ii regulates fibronectin and tgfbeta gene expression via transcriptional and posttranscriptional mechanisms.
ok here we go.
on october we landed at the ancient kathmandu international airport filled out our visas (the guy that issued mine laughed at my photo and said "pretty") made it through customs and fortunately found our checked bag in a sea of backpacks and duffel bags. we were greeted outside the airport by a wall of noise a red sky and about a million people wanting to give us a ride to wherever we needed to go. we found our way to our guide and made our way through chaos to a quiet van filled with the rest of our trek mates. it was just the still before the storm that was driving through kathmandu in rush hour traffic i've never experienced anything like it and was too shocked to pull out my camera. but trust me when i tell you that it was insane. but we made it to the other side of the world and at that point we didn't want to be anywhere else.
there’s more gossip go to the next page to find out about mel gibson’s latest meltdown
santa brought the boy his first thomas the train set for christmas.
even if you’re not close enough to hire lindsay for your photography session you can still enjoy her work. she’s offering one lucky winner the choice of a graphic state heart print or a x metallic print made from one of your digital photos.
thanks for taking a look. please request any photos before reuse. please leave a comment about the shots. also i’m trying this gallery instead of a slideshow. tell me if you like this style better. thanks.
names to know
i have received a complimentary copy of the “christians daily planner” for the purpose of writing my review.
mountain sun pub & brewery hop vivant
depressingly i've seen a more general contempt for the short story increase down the years and signs that people no longer know how to read them. my reading group for instance won't touch them: they're not satisfying some of the members have complained you can't sink into them like you can with a novel and anyway how could you discuss a whole book of different stories? they had not entertained the idea that a single really good short story could take as much time to discuss as a novel.
because they didn't lose it. they deliberately deleted it to cover their asses
the card stock was an improvement on the paper thin release. it lacked the newness of the previous year but held its own upon initial release. in hindsight this year did nothing to topple the topps monopoly. topps had the better execution with design. donruss was well ahead of fleer in design and flash. donruss looked like a second tier baseball card. that's exactly where they were at this point. big things were on the horizon but this was a nice stepping stone.
it is a resounding success a pure triumph of pleasantness and simplicity and if you don’t leave the theater with a smile on your face and a desire to reconnect with loved ones that you’ve let slip away then you have less of a heart that the furry and fuzzy hand puppets that populate this film.
i’ll keep the focus on ‘sushi’ as my test subject here.
‘obesity diabetes and coronary artery disease are major causes of human death and disability and they are all connected to metabolism’ olson said.
the blog has been updating sporadically lately because the blogging client i usually use blogsy (basically the only worthwhile ios blogging client i've seen) was broken first by apple and ios second by google and webauth . which hangs if you try to upload more than three images within a limited time. i hadn't noticed how slow the blogger web interface workflow was until i was forced to go back to it for a while. blogsy still isn't completely fixed yet but at least it's useable again.
became her disembodied truth
about the weather the cost of…
that event could be the death of mandela. an event which must almost certainly occur this decade. when that happens south africa's whites will face a great danger and they must be prepared.

they fail to mention: $. billion bailout money has been laundered thru aig to pay special interest firms. we are failing to focus on the big picture: politicians are creating precedent for government confiscations and expansion – all financed with our taxpayer money.
"we are disappointed that union opposition has once again made it difficult to do the right thing for children" she told the brooklyn eagle. more here.
it’s easy to boil this down to something like “get help” or “raise awareness of mental illness” or “get therapy andr psychiatric medicine” or “hang in there for your family and friends.” but it’s not so easy to know those things when you’re in the middle of any one of the bad things that happen to people every day. some people have more to deal with in life than others and some people take things harder than others do. but i’ve always believed that what’s good about life outweighs what’s bad and it breaks my heart that so many people can’t see that.
the fact of the matter is i'm not going to drive like an idiot......anymore. sure i admit i used to but i also used to go to bed at seven in the morning because i had been up all night partying at a club. life is different now. i've got two extremely important pieces of cargo in the back seat who are worth more than any of tutankhamen's priceless artifacts are worth. they're worth more than the universe is infinite and if it takes me an extra five minutes to get down the road then so be it.
while i don't have kids of my own i do take care of kiddos full time and like me she is super busy running around everywhere she loves that she can get beautiful flowers from bulbs without having to spend a ton of time on gardening and she shares tons of tips with you to make your home and garden beautiful. my mom didn't pass the gardening gene onto me but she did pass on her appreciation of flowers i am excited to use digdropdone.com to help me with tips on how easy it can be to grow flowers bulbs aren't just for planting outside in flower beds either. you can use them in cute planters for the front porch add some color to your bathrooms or even throw a couple in a cute watering tin with a pair of gardening gloves for a great mother's day or housewarming gift go and visit www.digdropdone.com to learn more about how you can beautify your surroundings using bulbs. it gives you month by month tips for keeping your garden looking great. according to the bulb calendar "the month of november is perfect to start on that first round of tidying up the garden. for some plants a layer of leaves offers good protection. but gardeners beware: if you fail to move the debris quick enough come spring the earliest flower bulbs may be hindered. to give your bulbs growing freedom remove excess leaves and plant debris early on making sure to keep your lawn particularly clean. add some fertilizer to those bulbs that you left in the ground after they bloomed this past spring. you will be rewarded with more blooms next spring" go try it out and let me know what you think
you have a whole year of darling make it a good one ;)
in the second grade we were blessed by a wonderful teacher. she called us in one day and said that she had been working with add and special needs children for years and my aspie didn’t have add she said that she likely had a social disorder perhaps asperger’s.
the story’s basic premise is a sex strike by girls who want to stop the civil war between the soccer and football teams. and without preaching the book tackles sex stereotypes and overall feelings towards sex. um…and in case you didn’t get this—it’s about sex. enough said.
even as a little kid i was always freaked out by things that don’t make sense. my worst nightmares had nothing to do with monsters under the bed or bad guys chasing me around with a jagged knives. i mean i had those dreams. they just weren’t that scary. i knew my enemy. but the unknown that was a different story. i can still remember one of my scariest. i was cleaning my room. (i am a neat freak and apparently took this obsession with me to dreamland.) after putting the last thing in place i step out. i find a sock lying there outside the door. i turn around to put it back open the door and freeze frame terror. everything single thing is out of place. dresser drawers are open. clothes are scattered everywhere. furniture is askew. just thinking about it gets my heart pounding because i remember that feeling that paralyzing fear that this couldn’t be and yet it is. i was afraid to even imagine what could’ve caused it. any answer would be sure to have these awful and profound implications for existence itself. still to this day questions without answers things that just plain don’t make sense nag at me like nothing else. and well its hard to find something that makes less sense than the voynich manuscript.
so maybe now but maybe in a few days someone will say something that will prompt me to get out the overhead projector and do a little table crunching demo* but i won’t pull that out until they are asking for some more convincing on the actlikesprings front. we usually also have a wire set up hanging in the next room with some mass on a hanger. it’s really convincing to put some extra masses on the hanger see how much the wire stretches then take the masses off and see the wire go back() to the same length it was before we put on the extra masses. whoa.
"finding out about her cancer was a major wake up call. we realized that waiting for the 'perfect' time to start just resulted in lots of waiting… and we no longer had the luxury of time in which to wait. the time perfect or not was now.
can't beat that bottle design either. i don't like all their bottle redesigns but i love this one.
 minutes attempted to interview the fda cdc as well as roche to address psychotic episode from lariam resulting in suicides and homicides; all three decline and two just gave a bullshit statement avoiding the reality of the drug. the callous actions is obvious of big pharam and the government to avoid their responsibilities. by avoiding their actions patients suffer families suffer and they can continue to develop a new malady while slowly killing those who remain subservient.
after tingini the chieftainship was given to dereregodzonga who ruled there in mahugwi for many years. he fought against other tribes and took their property. derere had the gona magumbatya which he used when he went to war. one day derere called his people to a sangano. he told his people “look the country had become too small and we have not enough lands. let us move to wedza.” then he took medicine from his gona and put it in the fire. he asked “if we go to wedza are we going to be safe?” the smoke pointed to wedza.
jack: but it’s not dinner right now so i can watch right? duhhhh
the discussion between the unicorn and schmendrick is as follows:
i've had a crush on jack black since his hbo tenacious d days... i find him adorable and irresistable. i pride myself in my morning tenacious d guitar riffs playing chords and making up stupid songs with brad about cooking eggs over easy and who doesn't like the bacon skit skat doodley dat... god i'm a nerd. ok so check out brutal legend highly reccomend this game its just good fun and how can you not love a game that you need to build a hot rod called the duece to get you around the play field... horns up bitches
that is why i find them so important in portrait photography; it can mean the difference between a ‘mug’ shotoring face image and a portrait with emotion and substance
flashing around building. (note: star had plans to move their offices to
maggie might complain that halloween isn't the same without the smell of burnt neeps but as far as i'm concerned it's a small price to pay to avoid a sprained wrist.
taken together it sounds as if mrs. obama is promoting vegetable "cleansing" as an antidote for sugar addiction and binge eating. the subject is even highlighted with its own special subtitle on the internet version of the story: the cleanse. this raised a red flag with this writerand other observers in part because mrs. obama has spent so much time stressing that she's interested in helping americans develop a balanced approach to eating. the word "cleanse" raises the ghost not only of imbalance but of extremism. and because the lhj story is titled "michelle obama's new mission" and is all about let's move it seems as if cleansing is a recommended part of the campaign too. it sounds like policy.
helpful herbs for teas include capsicum (cayenne) which is used to treat conditions caused by a cold or flu. capsicum tea might be a painful treatment if inflammation is severe.
(end videotape)
so ja after weeks nay months of flipping over where i should go where where where i've decided the mekong circle. was thinking like tanzania mozambique madagascar botswana (fucking love that place. for some reason.) but as much as i love the africa i'm feeling that humid otherness of se asia calling calling calling me again...
edited by amy lee bell photography by pete rodman forward by bill owens
she tells him to go ahead and start eating. the people that work at the restaurant saw this and they thought that they didnt have enough money to order another hamburger. so a young gentleman that works at the restaurant went up to them and asked the lady “m’am i can get you another hamburger” the lady said “no its okay” so the young man goes away and the elderly man continues eating. the workers at the restaurant were still watching them wondering why they share everything. so the gentleman comes back for a second time and says “m’am its not a problem i can get you another one if you dont have enough money.” the lady again says “no thank you.”
 between pint of double cream (note: the amount of cream depends on how rich you like your royal trifle)
please contact nfbid at for more information.
june: the fda ordered that the packaging for the stimulant adderall include a warning about sudden cardiovascular deaths especially in children with underlying heart disease.
day we wend our ways without care
this is all well and good except for the fact that i have absolutely no idea what the yarn is. and being me this starts making me crazy when i try to put the project into ravelry. so i spent several hours last night going through my blog archives and trying to find where i posted about the yarn since i seem to recall that it was a gift. i never posted. but i did find the stash pic above which gave me a clue about when i got it.
in keeping with the new age we live in i planned this year’s trip by text. and without fail after the date was agreed upon yesterday i got texts from all my girls saying things like i can’t wait i miss you love you
and he (jesus) is the radiance of his (god’s) glory and the exact representation of his nature and upholds all things by the word of his power. when he (jesus) had made purification of sins (on the cross); he sat down at the right hand of the majesty on high; having become much better than the angels as he has inherited a more excellent name than they.”
subscription information is available at this link.
it may be two years out but we’reseeing the current presidential hopefuls shake out. evan bayh has sadly (but wisely) already taken his hat out of the ring as has mark warner. (well mark if you can’t keep your current job you probably shouldn’t seek the boss’s job.) but the following have either formally declared their candidacy formed exploratory committees or are generally expected to run:
because folks showed up for session beer day in a big way especially after only days of preparation there are brewers who are thinking up session beers now there are bars that are reconsidering their tap set there are drinkers who have found out that small can be beautiful...all because of session beer day.
the citizens of phocaea have only three weeks to live–unless they can team up to outwit the saboteurs subdue the artificial sapient and replace their missing ice stores in time.
how are the recordings for the second album going? when is it going to be finished?
voting. in this case whether to consider holding future town meetings on saturday rather than monday afternoon. (stonington the other town on the same island also meets monday afternoon. they used to call off island schools on town meeting day but i don't think they do that anymore. that's what happens when you build a bridge to the mainland.) (they built it in the s. still.)
when she got into the house she ran up to dad and curled up to him scared. told my family what happened as for why she was acting that way. over the next few days she would cower whenever she heard a loud car drive by even when she was inside we had a hard time taking her out to do her business we believed she was holding it in to delay it.
he decided to stop before he nodded off at the wheel and pulled over to the side of the highway. he killed the lights and sat for a moment once again going over the events of the past few days in his head. he realized he’d been keeping himself busy so he wouldn’t think too much about it. he wondered how bill was doing if he was having some kind of similar experience in the world they’d returned to.
thank you for considering this letter.
riding on another subway
yup that’s right… i’m weeks pregnant. it feels like yesterday i was peeing on a stick. in two weeks i’ll be entering the third trimester. holy hell i’m having a baby.
i’ve enjoyed meeting you all but i’m afraid i can’t stop for dinner. i might have got the sword of light back from nimue but i’ve still got to find the lance of truth the crown of dreams and the grail of stars… and deal with my cousin mordred of course. keep the throne warm for me. see you soon.
when she came back to life she not only had a strange necklace around her neck but a memory that no one else believed. haunted by her experiences of death pierce and her mom move to a new town looking for a fresh start. but wherever pierce goes a stranger follows.
it would be a waste to throw away a good stainless steel kettle just because the whisle is not working. actually replacement parts for the whistle are sold by some vendors but finding a matching one is a real headache.
f. r. vessent
friday italian chicken and steamed veggies
this pantheon of greats is much averse to innovation
anyway i arrive and walk out to the courtyardool area where a guy is on a ladder putting pieces of copper on top of some of the beams. i was friendly even though when i greeted him he replied with the belligerent toned version of "can i help you?". i explained that i frequently do odd jobs and maintenance there and that i would be sure not to interfere with his project.
ok we're down to # the proverbial last but not least. a bit more restrained...whew i have enough to trim up four pockets and probably the shoulders too as that appears to be the langerfeld touch in recent years...
despite groaninducing prices for food and necessities by captive visitors at these snowy mountain retreats it’s hard to ignore the siren pull of shimmering snowfall over snowswept jagged mountains snowslathered forests and fields.
casa molana in broad street served fusion food and confusing drinks. i decided to play it safe. a green margarita heavy on the tequila with plenty of crushed ice no salt. as soon as jodie’s oldfashioned martini arrived i so wished i’d ordered one instead. classic classy – everything jodie wasn’t. the cocktail should have been mine. sucking through a squat black
matchbook is like when the hipster decided preppy and girly was cool and maybe got married (or is about to get married or maybe will be a single gal forever and that's cool too) and had a bunch of hipster but preppy kids and now it's time to decorate and throw a party. yay so super fun and hello jonathan adler is on the cover so sign me up.
are learning how to shoot.
so i'm a little worried about them.
“for christ also suffered for sins once the righteous for the sake of the unrighteous that he might lead you to god. put to death in the flesh he was brought to life in the spirit. in it he also went to preach to the spirits in prison who formerly did not obey when god’s patience waited in the days of noah during the building of the ark in which a few that is eight persons were saved through water. baptism which corresponds to this now saves you not as a removal of dirt from the body but as an appeal to god for a clear conscience through the resurrection of jesus christ…” ( peter : emphasis added)
nyanga bit veteran zookeeper joe ramonetha on the neck after security gates were left open while he was feeding her at the johannesburg zoo's breeding farm in parys. he died before reaching a hospital. various petitions and social media campaigns exhorted the zoo not to put the lioness down after the incident. as they became increasingly heated the jo'burg city council took charge and refused to discuss her fate or release photos of the lioness.
cerra’s editor said that she was “biased about the issue” and that they couldn’t run the story as “it would affect lilco’s stock.” on insisting that it was an important story and should be printed anyway cerra was again reassigned.
purple thread through a needle.
but back to the shoes.. nike have this little spot in the sole for a pedometer and i thought that would be cool. to know how far i was going. i couldn’t afford to fork out for all the gadgetry that went with it but i had an iphone g and i knew nike had an app of some sort. the gears were turning in my head and my wife across town suddenly had a cold shiver and checked her handbag…
no sun to light the days.
final note a shoutout to my pals on adena trail who requested that i read this book. many thanks for steering me to it; i’m not sure i would otherwise have been willing to carry around for two weeks a book that is the size of a cinder block.
 red sovine & webb pierce why baby why :
min : or they fell dead from laughter and as they came crashing down on to the keyboard the cursor was precariously resting over the unfollow button their body weight accidentally pressed it and now their souls will never rest as they scream out from hell “noooooo i loved sweet mother until the very end.”
row sc in each do not join.
midnight band of heathens @ rd & lindsley * presented by the city of austin
thank you for visiting making wishes. xx
after freshening up we went back to the city and the national geographic museum where we toured the small free exhibit (we didn’t have time for the larger paid exhibits) before heading to lunch. on vacation we operate on european time thus “lunch” was actually pm just in time for happy hour at beacon bar & grill. martini’s mushroom quesadilla falafel and sundried tomato flatbread pretty good for a hotel bar
winner : pete brown man walks into a pub laughing out load on holiday in spain can be quite embarrassing.
during his papacy () pius v was faced with the almost overwhelming responsibility of getting a shattered and scattered church back on its feet. the family of god had been shaken by corruption by the reformation by the constant threat of turkish invasion and by the bloody bickering of the young nationstates. in a previous pope convened the council of trent in an attempt to deal with all these pressing problems. off and on over years the church fathers discussed condemned affirmed and decided upon a course of action. the council closed in .
nucleus software exports limited outcome of postal ballot
what i did that was inconsistent with the actions of a brazilian woman at these events is i drank beer.
(oh and those cute little flats are canvas american eagle from payless $. last week)
it’s a rainy sunday morning as i write this and i have just finished reading all of your wonderful answers from my friday q&a. i respond to all of these you know (if you have your email address attached). if you don’t here’s how to do it.
cinnamon basil ..
the founding fathers knew that the world was going to change and that the constitution needed to be a ‘modifiable’ document to change with the times. it served this purpose pretty well up until the s and then things started to change faster than the laws and codes of our country could keep up with.
during the years of the republic legions were created and disbanded as needed. this is how the celts could sack rome in bcthe romans had to hastily assemble a defensive force that was illtrained and illprepared to face the onslaught of bands of wild savages from the north. it wasn't until the time of a fellow named marius that anyone thought to create permanent standing armies to serve the roman republic (this was late in the second century bc).
finally trust and be patient (this is where i’m at right now). i trust that right now i’m meant to fall in love with myself and no one else. truly madly deeply in love with myself. when i’m meant to be with someone i’ll meet the perfect man in vancouver who is also solid and grounded in who he is. but you know what? i haven’t met this guy yet. i trust that he’s out there but i’m not worried about meeting him. if we’re all the same (energetically speaking that is; i am you you are me i am the trees i am the earth et cetera) then falling in love with myself is pretty much the same as falling in love with someone else anyways.
there are two ways...
fone art figures $$
a percentage of all my tshirts is going directly back into the community. i have a list of artists and organizations that a percentage is going to. so far the artists and organization are:
“the growth of pints for prostates has been encouraging to watch” said thomas kirk president and ceo of us too international which is based in downers grove ill. “our mission and program goal is to educate and empower men and their family members so men and their loved ones can take an active role in their health care. with pints for prostates we are able to reach a whole new group of men with a critical health message. the more men we reach the more lives will be saved.”
if i win or lose a round.
"in shock"
investors pounded the country's financial markets in the wake of a surprise announcement that trevor manuel the longestserving finance minister in the world was among the cabinet ministers and deputies that had quit government following the unceremonious ousting of former president thabo mbeki.
“after judy left i went down the street and asked my ecologicallyfriendly neighbors to help. they said they would be glad to. i knew more people would be interested so i started asking my friends. i got a lot of responses back and hopefully they all hold true to their word.”
programs and recreation
another strange development started days ago. he goes out with a pretend microphone to give them the weather report. i eavesdropped the other day by cracking his bedroom window. he was talking loud and looking up into the tree. “today’s gonna be really windy maybe some snow so you better stay in your nest all day guys”. wow. the kids a diehard. i yelled out at him “hey while your out there tell your friends in the tree to quit pooping on our cars” he passed along the message.. stay strong my friends stick to your guns. don’t let your kids convince you to do something crazy like i’ve done times….
 brian lavelle alessandri's dream dust unsettled 
a musician a vocalist a designer and a talented writer of his blog: the adventures of tartanscot scot has a seemingly boundless amount of talent that definitely deserves his feature after feature after feature ... well you get the point.
damien: to move.
the smell of sex clings to our flesh
 (") wood beads
much has been written about the mismanagement of national feedlot corporation that most of you have already heard the gory details.
sometimes as an artist one feels confined and just simply needs to get out and make something beautiful and channel some artistic expression. the process of being spontaneous can spark new thoughts and ideas and often lead to creating something great.
any more or at least at that moment.
i say the latter because of the fact that i know once i have a certain amount of exposure to social situations i become an extreme recluse to basically “recharge” myself. i don’t thrive on social outings they drain me (maybe there’s a psychic vampire following me around? haha). i like helping people and talking to them but damn i can only handle so much.
so make sure you check back throughout the day
this card is entered at the challenge at:
coming in from the west was relatively easy with no winter conditions and excellent driving conditions. but this is all about to change. from what i hear a huge winter storm was racing across the midwest.
“dawson” he said “a mr. evan evans will be calling here at halfpast three on thursday afternoon to see the pictures. if i’m out ask him to call later. i don’t know anything about him. and see that the frames are dusted. do it yourself and get no help from mrs. dawson or mary; they’d want to dust too much.”
. farewell to arms a: ernest hemingway
about or so weeks ago erin and i made a trip to kohl’s to check out what was new from lauren conrad. we ended up in the juniors section and yes i bought a pair of jeans from candie’s. during the trip i also tried on a scalloped lace skort (oh yeahhhh). it looked silly we laughed….
in recent years when i teach an occasional religion christian history or theology class i have noticed a change in how the calendar is depicted in textbooks. the traditional b.c. and a.d. are being replaced with b.c.e. and c.e. there is always the need to draw this change to the students' attention explain the change and then question and critique the change.
i love that this pattern is clearly floral in nature but it's not screaming frillyoverthetoprosegarden...it's a simple modern flower in almost a block print style.
how to explain what has happened is happening to me. it's as if my real life exists and i can see it unfolding and i'm alive in it...sort of...but i'm also observing it as if from a great distance away. a continual outofbody experience every waking moment of my day. i can see myself folding laundry and doing dishes walking the dog through the snowy landscape of brooklyn choosing apples in the grocery store and nutella on sale and tomatoes and onions and chicken for the soup but all of this takes place in one realm while my mind wanders freely intently elsewhere.
i am grateful for all the stories and games and ideas that flow from him when he is not asleep.
busy month for me with a trip to dc followed by a trip to vegas for work. in the short month i have unofficially ( i weigh in on saturdays) lost lbs. i also managed to get my butt back to bikram. i have been twice this week and i'm feeling sore but it is a good sore. i've been inconsistent with my running and i worked out zero times in vegas but walked a lot and i didn't gain an ounce. in retrospect a pretty good month. exercise could be better but i was very conscience of my diet.
a quick recap.each day a new prize will be revealed and added
ink: black soot and antique linen distress inks by ranger
search web for tips about revising novels.
put oil in your castiron skillet and move into your oven while you preheat to degrees. keep skillet in there at least minutes with out letting the oil smoke. remove from preheated oven whisk flour mixture again before pouring it into the skillet. bake in the oven minutes.
clothe yourselves with humility
your one quake away
please check back soon for an update i apologize for not updating since the first of january. january as you can imagine was extremely hard and we were so ready to flip the calendar to february. february was a month filled with so many sweet family moments and for that we are grateful especially after the months we had just come out of. i can't believe we are already days into march and am just not sure where the month of february went. i promise coming soon......an update (and pictures of course) of our family during the months of january and february.
again colonel 'f' and colonel 'b' said that late in or early in the kgb received radar technology. they claimed that this information from the fifth was assembled in the form of photos diagrams and written explanations by him and blunt...the clarity and visually descriptive nature of the technical data supplied by the fifth was a trademark of his. by comparison rothschild demonstrated in his book meditations of a broomstick how he took great pride in all areas of his work for mi in supplying exact illustrations.
i don’t understand how “his” inability to be ready for bed on time is my fault. it is strange to me that i find i have all this power i never knew existed.
no wonder words failed in some of the commentary. but even when faced with lesser challenges the broadcasters did no better than the vox pops fantastic stunning brilliant beautiful they all said the same until i thought i would scream if i heard "downtoearth" again. even hrm the queen apparently said it was "amazing"
celerytree.com is that website. and not only is it a central adfree location for writers to market and discover new books it is an online bookstore so readers can directly buy that book they are so excited to read.
i'm really really big. seriously. as big as you think i am double that and add three chinas.
but with the whole new lifestyle change you’re looking at water and some carrots… and not even a lot of carrots… about a cup of carrots.
las vegas – a healthy (walking) city
. freshbooks
someone bring me some whisky and the bolt cutters: it's time to end this pain once and for all.
scrappy scrappy little star i think it has a very sweet look to it and next time i have to make a baby quilt i think i'll do a smaller version of this.
people ask all the time “where should i go next?”
for a wonder notia did as bidden. pevan pushed the four knot from her mind quickly followed by dagdan. the world came down to the image of van raighan's sleek lean face disappearing into a circle of sky and the unseen but instinctively known outline of the gate's residue.
ruthie was from scotland. she was the frailer of the two. she walked hunched and had to sit often. her most striking feature was her smooth wrinkleless skin. for someone who lived in the blazing sun of hawaii especially someone from the weatherly scottish northern coasts she possessed the preverbal porcelain skin of a doll made of china. she was a living contradiction as she walked and shuffled bent over slightly at the waist with her curving back. she would tilt her head over in your direction when walking and flash you the most perfect and mischievous smile. she looked like she was going fast with her short steps and her arms swinging with purpose when she walked. and while taking in this scene i would notice she was wrapped in the smoothest alabaster skin with not a wrinkle on her face – not even a single laugh line.
when i first visited england in the thatcherite eighties immigration and asylum were already raging issues.
chrysalis offers a chance for new life. a chance to leave the life of a caterpillar behind.. and to start anew.. to start fresh as a butterfly. these girls on this weekend did just that. they left their burdens behind.. and claimed new life in christ. each one of them left with a spiritual high desiring to change their ways from that day forward.
i also noticed that there is now a very large (and fine) christmas tree in the square. there will be lights i am told. this was another reason to celebrate.
note: i've goosed these scans a little for a better appearance on the web but you may have noticed that some of these have a slightly pinkish cast. i assume the pink newsprint indicated an evening edition of the paper.
 basic beauty by limoni idon'trememberthenumberrightnow: another (almost) dupe of a zoya one i think it's pretty close to zoya rica. what do you think about it?
throwing my load onto the closest bed i took a quick look around.
the coconut. the rest of this thoughtful sensitive column of intellectual memela’s is mostly about “the coconut”. he defines coconuts as blacks who aspire to be whites (without giving explicit examples to substantiate his scholarly claim). this must surely be infuriating to aspiring young black men such as fellow blogger the sumo who sees himself as “the ultimate transitional south african. born and raised in a kwazulunatal township near durban he was part of the first group of black initiates into the ‘multiracial’ education system. he was (and is) always in contrast to the norm black in ‘white’ schools a blazerwearing coconut in the township streets … ”. i strongly doubt the sumo wishes to be white or to have a “white” identity (whatever that means). if the sumo wishes to have an identity where people of all colours have the same identity rather than the dichotomy blackhite so what? i see in the sumo’s blogs the following. he defines himself (often humorously to keep things in perspective) as a person first in the context of transitional sa explores his identity in the changing terrain of joburg second and looks at himself as a black person as a close third. he does not say he is the ultimate transitional black but the ultimate transitional south african thus avoiding dichotomy or othering people of different “races”. this is so unlike sandile memela.
they will mount up with wings like eagles
 ripe tomatoes sliced thinly and seeded
mr. tibbs came much to my surprise dressed in a fine jacket and waistcoat a gold pocket watch and wore a hat every bit as well made as my own. were it not for his muttonchop sideburns and swarthy complexion i would never have recognized the chap. i had rather expected the fawning simpering idiot in a boatswain’s uniform a tin signal whistle dangling from his neck. he had a serious expression a sharp eye and he shook my hand with the firm grip of a naval officer. “mr. banks i am very pleased to see you sir. the admiral sends his thanks.”
it's wednesday again and i'm going slightly batty over here trying to resist the temptation to peak ateddle withompletely rewrite ff before i have given myself a decent amount of distance. i've ploughed through a few books one of which i'll be reviewing on monday and i've recorded myself singing the blues which i'll post on friday. and today i shall be announcing the winner of angel by l.a. weatherly.
french:
and then one morning i woke up and realized i couldn’t go on like this.
happy stitching
disease of the heart muscles
for a candle brand of a highend home furnishings store (tulips) we used different constellations with respect to the colour they represent in zodiac references.
first time out in blogland for this excellent early 's set from the mighty juan amalbert and co.
donald young gallery chicago
victims typically have many questions: why me or why my family member? they often want to know the details of crimes what else happened that they didn't know about and most frequently why the offender did what they did?
in other words she never stopped being our mother in life or in the afterlife.
sketched & punched.
 scorch
interracial rape does occur in america but it is overwhelmingly an act of black aggression against a white victim the main victims by far being young white males in us prison but outside prison most victims are white females. the rape of a black woman by a white man is almost unheard of. statistics from the us department of justice show that in over white women were raped by black men whilst in the same period less than black women were raped by white men.
be happy and safe. nat
and that i think just about covers the waterfront.
my youngest son taking off down the hill.
this doesn’t work for me. for me when a woman makes the decision to stay home to raise a child she doesn’t also contractually agree to become the maid as well. the home is still something that both adults live in. there is supposed to be a certain amount of responsibility on both parts.
without question the debacle serves as a case study in failure to engage appropriate constituencies consult with appropriate parties and communicate clearly. for the foreseeable future when an example of operating in a bubble is sought santa monica’s president and board of trustees will surely come to mind.
added to that is the awkward placement of what i call the linen closet. it's at the far end of the hallway by the boys room. i won't complain too much at least there was one but it was so far away from the flow of the main area that it just wasn't functioning as it should. and it was hard to keep neat and tidy. so lets add that to the bathroom dilemma.
but though the soil be saturated with blood
hime gyeoun eoneu nal ne nunmureul dakka jul
as for the structures where the interior walls are punctuated with rows of symmetrical marks sometimes on four levels: these represent a style which was still found a few years ago in houses particularly in hindu areas in this region. about bc iron utensils and weapons would emerge.
 bake in the preheated oven for minutes until they look done they will brown on the bottom.
i also have a bit of business to take care of today. as we all know i have been on something of a sabbatical from actually posting my photos to my blog and from keeping up with the blogs i follow. i am slowly trying one by one to go through those blogs – oh my have i missed a lot – and during my catch up from thursday night i was happy to see on day of pablo’s blog that he has awarded me with “the heart on fire” award. if you have not caught up with pablo’s work make sure you check out my hotlink to his page – he is a huge talent. thank you so very much pablo
recently they've actually become one of the emails that i don't automatically send to the "trash" folder.
pours extremely hazed orangecopper with a fluffy head letting convoluted aromas of rose hips chamomile granny smith apple leather and burlap sack. flavors of wet hay orange blossom water lemongrass petals some wood and a slice of hop bitterness towards the back – accumulating to a lingering body and light carbonation.
fortunately for ‘jun′ a singaporean who overhead the conversation ticked the customer off:
washing windows and tubs provides a powerpacked workout. the circular motions work the chest area shoulders and the triceps. to keep from getting fatigued use the circuit training method of cleaning. wash the surfaces of the bathroom and then clean all the windows in a room. clean the next bathroom and then clean another room of windows.
what are you doing with your hair for your rehearsalelcome party or your dayafter brunch???
the best thing a quant can hope for is a fair compensation for his hard work. money may not be important in and of itself but what it says about you and your station in the corporate pecking order may be of interest. empty epithets are cheap but it when it comes to showing real appreciation hard cash is what matters especially in our line of work.
the old ways is what has gotten us to where we are and had the strategy to get us to where we want to go.
this year's music and ip conference organised by clt conferences took place as usual in the splendid setting of london's prudential building now fortuitously reconstituted as a suite of offices and conference facilities. first to speak was fredericka argent (ifpi) who took the audience through the problems in copyright enforcement which led to the passage of the uk's digital economy act . the act was predicated on statements in eu directives to the effect that internet service providers (isps) were often better placed than copyright owners to deal with infringements. fredericka explained the basis of the act's graduated response to filesharing. using dateandtime stamps isps can identify which subscriber is the owner of an ip address at the time of infringement which enables the right person to be targeted. once targeted responses can be ratcheted up from educational notifications to fullblown legal action.
today marks my th post
^^ this is the realest thing i have seen in the absolute longest time. please do expect to see it a million and one times on my blog because i think it is awesome i believe it was made especially for me. every word rung true and that hurts all over again
w. g. sebald – i’m curious about this writer
dont go overboard with spicy powder since it has fenugreek and turns bitter.
housman also authored one of my favorite quotes:
lizzy watched that lady’s look of concern crack to a knowing grin teastained teeth showing some menace. the grayhaired witch glanced back to where lizzy’s mom was rifling through a rack of dresses and then scurried to the back room. that’s when lizzy noticed the shadowplay in the light coming from under the door.
sun :pm: immense loneliness.
eeeep so excited :d
“ah my boy. i see you’re still sharp. how are you”
as for the most important character considering that it's impractical to travel back in time and bring caroline munro to the present to play dejah thoris i am quite satisfied with the actual casting of the lovely miss lynn collins who did a fine job as the princess of mars.
since writing and teens are two subjects near and dear to our hearts we at the class of k have pledged to help we're trying to raise $ for gwn through our first giving page and i'd like to ask you to consider giving $$ to this extremely worthy cause. you can donate securely and easily here.
i've been the one who's gone through the last two years with this child coaching and begging and cajoling and pleading and yelling at him to get assignments in and study hard. sidekick just hasn't been there and mostly through choice rather than the circumstance of us being separated and eventually divorced. apart from a month stint where he left the town we had moved to and so was hours away we've lived only a few minutes away from each other. and he works shift which means he has days off at a time. i know many men seem to have different priorities when they separate "i must find someone else and re partner so i'm not alone" kind of thing but i must admit that any shred of respect i had for him fled once i saw the way he completely dropped his kids off his priority list in favour of a new girlfriend.
( yeah..... i've re read them and i did the cringe)
walks the night in her silver shoon;
just a real quick post before i get ready for work.sue has had lots of really gorgeous wild rose studio goodies in the shop including the gorgeous sweet bella stamps in the meadow stamps sentiments and oodles of yummy papers.also ready coloured toppers for those of you who don`t like colouring or if you need a quick card.
"the problem with retirement accounts is that they're hostage to future congresses' greed." that is the lead in a short item on instapundit and it is absolutely true. it extracts and links to a wall street journal article that tells of a senate finance committee proposal being tucked into the highway funding bill that would require most inherited iras and (k)s to be emptied out within five years of the time they're inherited. this has been proposed as a means of increasing government tax revenues (from income taxes) by $. billion over the next ten years. (shall we play "guess the party" as to whose proposal this is?)
we decided to have lunch at wayfare tavern and as i was walking over from work a middle aged gentleman asked me "do you know how to get to montgomery and sacramento?"
as if such colors could not fly.
after the initial shock and adjustment to the daily reality of glutenfree living the celiac’s ongoing challenge lies in searching hidden gluten in ingredients and recognizing its myriad sources. english muffins and frosted donuts are obvious nono’s. but gluten may hide in such unlikely places as soy sauce veggie burgers and herbal tea. it is a common additive in broth bouillon spice blends and prepared soups. it may also lurk in vitamins medications and lip balm.
so while i'm sorting & shivering trying to arrange for vast amounts of possessions people & pets to be shipped across the sea the man is sitting over there in brisbane talking (daily) of the heat & the balmy evenings. every time i mention the wind or the cold i get told exactly what temperature it is there what the wind is & the relative humidity the whole yards. yeah real subtle
second since the us supreme court has overturned over laws passed by congress. according to the gpo (government printing office):
this is my first attempt doing figurines with gumpaste. more than i would like to admit it does get addictive. espcially making those minute details. i particularly liked the teapot and candle. the characters were chosen by the birthday girl i think. i thought it would be a wee bit odd if i were to put the characters on the cake without a theme. thus i organised a picnic for them.
it felt like the night was ours that paris belonged to us. the weather was clearing the eiffel tower glowing bright across the seine. we tried to take a picture but the night was still too dark around us and besides the memory burned deeper than any photo could capture.
"lucky little break from you're tiny friend....come on mod moon
your little sister still seems to be doing well inside of me. she is a mover and a shaker and during the nonstress tests she acts just like she should. her heart shows accelerations when she moves around and there are no signs of distress. i did talk to my doc yesterday though and told him that i fully realize that nsts are a false sense of security because cord accidents don’t really give warnings and even though i go in on a weekly basis bad things can still happen. but the good ole doc continues to be confident in your sister making a safe arrival here. i am trying not to think about my th week which is coming up pretty quickly since that is the week we lost you. and i’m trying not to be paranoid because my doc will be on vacation next week which is a month before your sister will come here…and he was on vacation when we lost you… month before you were due. so call me paranoid. call me superstitious. but it is what it is and i’m trying my best to just go with it.
so it’s not that the world has caught up; we’ve fallen behind our own pace – and producing medalists in spite of ourselves people are excited about twenty five medals when in reality we wake up on any given morning secure in the knowledge that without doing anything we will get on average at least one medal in each sprint and hurdle event and each of the relays at any given major. that’s medals nearly guaranteed without doing anything other than having an open tryout – our trials and even there we are behind our once world leading pace. granted the winds in daegu were a bit limiting but consider that our men won medals with times of . . and .. with the exception of the mark we’ve done better in nearly every major since the ’s – and tommie smith approached that mark (.) way back in . we felt fortunate to take high jump and long jump gold yet in ’ both powell and lewis were over feet and in ’ austin was making attempts near feet. and while we are struggling to get a man into contention in the and marvel at david rudisha johnny gray had four seasons under :. in the ’s’s; and he mark everett and rich kenah all medaled at various majors in the ’s
it was my third year in university after being on academic warning for having a gpa not high enough and just looking around and seeing the people around me that gave me some perspective. i told myself it was time to change ( i don’t actually remember doing this ) but something came over me where i knew i could do better for myself in every aspect of my life.
policy options
when i came to love you so very much.
so we made a deal: i live my life in the world of humans working and thinking and talking and when it's too hard she shows me the wonders she's lived and seen and pondered. then every once in a while we meet again and for a few glorious hours live in a beautiful world.
seriously????
this time i did something slightly different. i actually asked the cashier at the liquor store if he knew whether or not people frequently left their kids in the car while they went booze shopping. he claimed to have no clue but mentioned that people frequently brought their kids into the liquor store while they went shopping.
the gecko galz products that i used are maddie background paper and the main image is from the eggs ephemera sheet i also used a couple of digi birds.
damn i never saw that coming rip
i have a hypothetical situation to run by you. feel free to chime in on any thoughts you may or may not have.
therefore this episode testifies to the depth of amalek’s sin and idolatry rather than the capriciousness of god. we make a crucial mistake when we think of these people as innocent bystanders.
for several days i followed an established routine that felt for a while like it was working. i’d sleep late then get up for about an hour or so to eat a bowl of cereal read the newspaper and watch sportscenter highlights then head back to bed. after waking from this first of many naps that would soon follow i might run out to the store to pick up a few items or possibly take out the garbage or maybe even both. it wasn’t much but it provided enough personal fulfillment that i could head back to bed again for some reading.
bart was good and stayed home unless he caught sent of a female in heat and then he was off to have him some fun. not long after jennifer and i settled in a friend got divorced and decided to move down to corpus christi. somehow i got possession of his chesapeake bay retriever rosey in the deal and man did she love the water. especially the warm water of my closest neighbor's hot tub. bart didn't care for the water much but he got excited to see rosey swim around. and when he got excited he drooled even more.
aquariuschannelings.com
netizens also downplayed the likelihood of colonel yau being fielded in the byelection:
yes lol my grandparents stared at me with their mouths wide open.
as those of you who have followed the evolution of my little etsy fiber shop will know this is an issue i’ve explored and reexplored since even before posting my first skeins of yarn. my recent post on fehu in the pagan blog project seems to have brought it to the forefront again. in that post i talked about the fact that many pagans feel reluctant to spend their money on items crafted by strongly christian artisans. i myself have no issues with doing so but i respect the fact that many people do.
running. i knew lili would be down for awhile because she had oz of milk. she was definitely tired. so i laced up and headed out for . i was supposed to run that yesterday but sometimes things don’t go your way. for the most part it went well. i was happy with my run and then when i got home to look at the schedule i realized it was supposed to be an mile run. eh i can do without that mile right?
surprisingly yes i have considered that. have you ever considered that your mom is too stupid to tell what sort of people were around her? or does she recognize backstabbers because you know it takes one to know one? what are you even trying to say here? since your mom could tell that that these staffers were backstabbing betrayers that justifies her utter lack of effort?
where else can you see latest collection from designers like cosryqudyn mimpi kita and many more for just rm (and it's for charity) yes tix is only rm. oh yeah there'll be bazaar during the day starts from ampm. do come we have radiusite old blossom box sputniksweetheart smashing scarves and many more :)
love without it we are nothing it is the very energy from which we spring in which we exist and to which we return. let me share something: "love is all that exists. love is the universal communication. it is the energy that has created the universe and is keeping it going." (from emmanuel's book compiled by pat rodegast).
together with a cover of famous american singer madonna’s ‘like a virgin’ ne performed songs and were able to interact with their fans on a more intimate level.
a representative of another mobile phone manufacturer observed the same profile of people when they were using mobile phones. he saw that many of these people had two handsets on which they had inserted sim cards of two different telecom providers. typically one handset was on a heavily discounted telecom plan and the other was connected with a telecom provider who gave better network coverage. this led to the idea of dual sim mobile phones that carved out a profitable niche for the first movers.
most of his his hits have been written with longtime songwriting partner bernie taupin. they have been writing together since and have collaborated on of john’s albums.
mythbusters
the “banana bus” is a tour bus that can take you to several locations depending on what you are interested in. we took a tour of the island of aruba and could not believe how much it looks like the southwest. their rainfall is minimal so the terrain is very dry and cactus abound. back to the bus – it is as festive inside as it is outside. the music is festive island music and if you are interested you can have island type beverages; either virgin or alcoholic: my beverage recommendation – water. it is scorching hot and dehydration can set in very quickly.
i borrowed roger taylor of duran duran’s name. roger being shorter than jessica was inspired by michael hutchence and myself. by doing this i hoped to get the message across to michael that our height difference didn’t bother me. the relationship between jessica and roger was also inspired by our relationship.
these fine bloggers now get the joy (or torment) of selecting more blogs upon which to grant this distinction and honor. if you haven't yet visited any of these five before please do and enjoy.
rr–you see when you’re dealing with the energies that occur in these areas—sometimes these energies can reach immense proportions. it’s not just a little light somewhere out in the woods. the magnetic anomalies of southeast texas have caused a blackout of the utility grid for the entire region for unknown reasons. and during that time a reporter for the “beaumont enterprise” who now is with the “austin americanstatesman” he told me that the paper had reports of all kinds of weird lights flying through the sky. of course that never got in the newspaper.
vashti: get sleep choose subjects you like. don’t stress. love what you do
but i would still get upset and wonder under some circumstances.
and to save even more time use prewashed spinach and presliced mushrooms. (i used regular mushrooms instead of button or cremini but i'm betting those would be even tastier)
somehow april flew by without me reminding you to apply fungicide sprays to austrian and ponderosa pines that have had problems with sphaeropsis tip blight in the past. i’ve also received several scotch pine samples in the office to diagnose for pine wilt nematode. while there is no cure for pine wilt i recommend to take a ” long ” diameter sample of a dead branch to your local extension office for diagnosis before cutting down the tree. pine wilt affects austrian (long needles groups of ) and scotch pines (short needles in groups of ) as they are nonnative trees while the nematode is native. since ponderosa pines (long needles in groups of and ) are native to nebraska they don’t seem to be affected by pine wilt nematode.
it was hard to turn the car round in the estate as the pavements were straddled on both sides by cheap japanese and french cars in a cluttered contrast to the wide open streets i owned in the pictures in my mind.
time zone: . (summer); . (winter)
i found these crown hangers.
while i've been typing this things have settled down thankfully. i just hope i don't have any squirmy little visitors in my bed tonight to kick me in the ribs. for now though i have a date with bad tv.
wrestles not against flesh and blood but against principalities against
so handsome tall perhaps talented yet such a shame... or perhaps these are the very attributes contributing to suicide? i have no idea since i do not belong to the handsome group. but whatever it is talk it out and share your grievance or problems with your family and friends. what we thought as dead end might just be an opportunity in another person's eye. no point wallowing in selfpity because happiness are meant to be shared so do sorrows...
coming out of centerville high school in dan had only one strong offer to play college baseball and that was from firstyear sinclair coach steve dintaman. that was the beginning of a friendship that has grown beyond baseball.
she brings her home
im baaack:)
according to us officials the research suggested that a bomb hidden inside a body cavity or organ would be less likely to jeopardize the safety of an airplane than a bomb hidden under clothing. much of the force of the bomb would be absorbed by exploding body tissue likely killing the bomber but causing little structural damage to an aircraft.
momma asked me to create some unique polymer clay buttons to adorn her creations and i am so glad she did. the majority of the buttons i created this weekend will be attached to her crocheted items but i will be offereing some in the shop and as soon as another shipment of clay arrives i'll be making more for us both. i am already thinking of new ways to use smaller buttons so it will be buttonmania at my house for awhile to come.
. roz showing family photos and talking about the influence and strength of her “mum”. as i was celebrating the evening with my mother this made for a much more of an impacting night.
it's their first line of defense.
he was in great fear because gibeon was a great town like one of the king’s towns greater than ai and all the men in it were men of war.
) to be an informed citizen.
i did a post on green cleaning recipes in and over the years since then i've changed some of the things i do with my cleaning and altered some of the recipes. i give out those recipe in several of my workshops and every time i cut and paste them i tell myself to do a new post. it's time to review edit and add a new green cleaning post.
i am grateful that we live on a planet with such amazing food diversity and potential abundance. may all bellies be filled with healthful tasty filling mouthpleasing food.
if bn wants to correct very glaring mistakes first all the smaller mistakes might even be forgotten. how about granting (since bn has the mandate) :
it’s going to be expensive but i’m sure it’ll save on vet fees and make my fiends healthier. as balanced a diet as i try to give them i cannot guarantee that they’re all eating a little bit of everything i put out for them so this is like a little insurance policy.
on april th rasmussen reports a polling organization release the results of a poll that found that % of likely voters “think there’s a conflict between economic growth and environmental protection thoough % disagreed." rasmussen stated that “support for investing in fossil fuels like oil and gas is also at a new high amidst nearrecord gas prices and the ongoing development of the keystone xl pipeline which president obama blocked for environmental reasons.”
to make this an even more special month i am also going to give some lucky reader a mulberry muse secret surprise package of assorted tea time related cards and gift tags.
housefather said tonchin is well aware that côte st. luc has been in favour of the link for more than years and that the city and tmr pushed to have it as part of the agglomeration’s transport plan.
yea it makes me think twice
i am seriously a sucker for a cool lapel. the material is actually a very thick cotton almost denim but it's fully lined even down the sleeves. pretty unusual. i love the fit and the fact that the bottom of it has belt loops (that's my old trust black belt in there). it's french connection and i see by their website that their jackets are around $. i guess % of that is not so bad after all
i had to share...
but the rest?
elegant in its simplicity and framed within heavy solder of rusted iron hues a cross of crystal chandelier remnants crowns a vintage unearthed vessel. donned in a slightly iridescent ethereal patina naturally formed over the decades underground the earthy bottle both compliments and contrasts the opulent beauty of the fiery austrian crystal.
i used websters papers and distressed the edges with th antique linen distress ink the snowflake sticker is october afternoon. i stamped the su sentiment onto a piece of card and snipped the vshape to make a banner.
the way to retain your reader's attention is not just to make your book page deliver on your headlines but rather make your headlines deliver your book page. work backwards. make the book page sell the book. that's what it's supposed to do. the promo tweet should sell the link to the book page not the book itself. so focus your promo tweet composition effort on making headlines that work.
. never come back (:)
wow... how do i even being this post? okay starting out a little warning... this is my blog and i have a right to share personal information on here... this is my blog and i am choosing to write something very personal an account of probably one of the worst days of my entire life. i am not doing this for pity or out of anger with the lord; i am doing this so i can personally keep an account of a major struggle we went through and hopefully encourage others if they have been through (or will go through) something similar. i pray this on no one... let me tell you this in advance this is terrible and terrible things happen to all of us through these trials we are strengthened. eventhough it has only been about hours i am releasing the outcomes to god and i have full faith he will restore me and my husband and will allow us to be ever so blessed in the future. all that aside ... let me begin.
“d” our talker and by talker i mean all day… lol… he loves to know “why”. he has made huge strides in his communication of how he his feeling. he is big on personal space and we have come a long way of being able to get closer to him to be able to work with him. he is getting really good at using his words to get us to back up if we are too close or if he needs a break.
but wait i wasn't going for playful. i was going for grownup and sophisticated and moody well that chair had different plans for me. and you know what? it's a smart little chair with really good plans.
you follow this blog any length of time and you realize that i’m weirded out by the idea of teleportation. are you the same person you were when you went in or not?
i've been on tour in europe since the beginning of july. july was filled with amazing festivals in france switzerland and belgium club shows in the uk and some splendid down time in paris london and a few other spots. since the beginning of august we have had time off in a beautiful apartment in brussels. we had a big gap in the touring schedule and it made more sense to stay here rather than fly home and back again. what an opportunity to truly live in a foreign city so many of our adventures on the road are enjoyed in fastforward zipping from city to city sometimes barely having time to come up for air. this on the contrary has been quite different indeed.
letters hamption art
here is a view of the inide sentiments....
little and often
the new south african flag is perceived to symbolize the destruction or defacement of the old transvaal vierkleur.
sis "fuck ur point u call rt now and say misunderstanding so she doesn't get fired or i'm completely done with you she does not deserve to be fired you tell me what time and day i can meet you at your bank to get my money"
hb has gone to bill heaven. we made it much further this year in our attempt to allow you to visit texas craft breweries and leave with samples of our brews. we had strong support from the public the press our largest distributor and many legislators including jessica farrar who sponsored the bill. unfortunately all of that and logic were not enough to overcome the opposition of one distributor group. but we plan on trying again next session. the trend is positive. and many thanks to you for writing your state elected officials. you showed the legislature that people care about this issue.
ok i'm showing my lack of knowledge in american (or world) history here. i don't really have a historical figure that i admire (not that they're unadmirable). i admire my grandparents my parents my sister and of course my husband they're all the inspiration a girl could need
before you run off to wish them well let's talk challenge
so this site is cool if you're like me and like categorizing things. it's basically an online way to keep track of your closet. you have different areas that you can input pictures of your clothes into: tops bottoms jeans outerwear etc. they have a searchable database of clothing but if you can't find it (because you're like me and everything you own is like gazillion years old or on supersale when you buy it and no longer available online) you can also just upload it from your phoneomputerhatevs. you can also follow profiles of people you know (or just like the style of) define your style on your profile make wishlists etc.
hathi and chiti is an emerging new global children's brand for all ages that uses easternthemed characters and concepts as a gateway to educate little ones about different cultures around the world. hathi and chiti are the indian words for elephant and ant. hathi an elephant and chiti an ant are best friends from india folklore whose adventures together are of legendary proportion. hathi chiti uses folklore as a backdrop for modern day storytelling as a way of explaining the world and sharing life lessons.
this was such a bad decision.
….the guy you broke up with a week ago shows up at your work to tell you everything you needed to hear a week ago. that he does care about you more than you could even imagine that he’s been so incredibly sad the past week that he not only can but does see a future with you. a future that includes marriage and babies and forever.
i also wanna give a shout out to a couple of bloggers who are just the bee's knees the cat's meow the butter to a loaf of yummy avanti's bread....bloggers who honestly i have no idea how long they have been around but they rock seriously they rock the dance floor or the stripper pole or the metal cage. they are a couple of people new to my blog role but people i do a little dance of joy when i see they have written anything new. one of the people i stalk is rooked who is just plain and simple an amazing writer i actually read his posts from begining to the end and that's saying alot for me since i usually read his stuff early in the morning when the caffeine is just kickin in and i start to shake a bit from the overload to my system. he can turn a post about homeless crazy people and tornadoes into a work of art. i am a fan. my other favorite blog of the moment is angela over at my bella figlia . she takes awesome pictures of her (almost as cute as mine) kids. her posts are heartfelt funny and just plain good. so go over there and read her now
the biggest problem i had back there was how thick the brush was around the edges of both the pond and the swamp. i think that i am going to do something i have never done before and clear a few very small “shooting lanes” through the brush in places so i can sneak back there from time to time and photograph the waterfowl.
i'm really excited to begin using this product and see if it makes a difference
thank you to everyone who entered our 'vintage' challenge there were so many stunning pieces of vintage work it was a real joy to see such beautiful crafts. choosing a top was extremely hard but you'll have to wait to see who made our top winner and gd at the end of this challenge post.
this precept is very difficult for me.
 tsp baking soda
i still have passion also. i get excited over all kinds of things. i still love learning and reading and still have that same zest for life i had when i was younger. most of us still have these things. i will admit i no longer have those good looks or that body but what the heck my mind is better than ever.
lest freedom should wave between the grasses
connie boswell continued to have a successful solo career as a singer for decca. she later changed the spelling of her name from connie to connee in the ′s reputedly because it made it easier to sign autographs. (it’s interesting to note that connee sang from a wheelchair – or seated position – during her entire career due to an accident she suffered as a young child. amazingly when she tried to get involved with the overseas u.s.o tours. during world war ii she was not given permission to travel overseas due to her disability.)
enough said....
. forbidden planet
deep within my heart…lies a meellll ohh deee
though i won’t tell her
"chronic pain fits the definition of a disease" she said.
add to these the ohioentucky specialty goetta. like the others it’s an immigrant dish. although sometimes made with beef rather than pork goetta is essentially scrapple made with steelcut oats in the place of scrapple’s buckwheat. its name is a transliteration into english of the plattdeutsch (low german) götta meaning groats (i.e. hulled cracked grains). in standard high german the word is grütze a cognate our own southern grits. in fact my great grandmother’s name for sliceable puddings such as scrapple was happelgritz. happel is an old dialect word for “head” suggesting that her recipe was made from pork head — a very common practice.
“looks a little bit like… old rabbit doesn’t it tom?”
going under
where: monkeywrench books (in the backyard) e north loop
frenchy: "ze baz av you look it?"
lear is a reworking of shakespeare's through marx's explanation of the historical process. it has the customary excessive violence which is horrific torture of lear who is left blind after his eyeballs are extracted by a machine (bond was a a materialist) to make a symbolic gesture of starting to take the great wall that he had built as king between his people and their neighbours which dominated the play. his sufferings by the middle act of he play lead him to an awareness of man as a trapped and degraded creature imprisoned in the reality formed by the ideology and institutions of the society over which he was once king:
and all it took was one degree
monday april th at the
q) what is minzysan’s fighting clothes?
i already had my center line marked out so it was an easy process from there. i placed them " apart from each other made my marks and drilled holes all the way through.
what is your favorite holiday destination and why?
listen to the mighty roar of praise ascending from the myriads and myriads of angels on every side of the throne.
the first day of spring our easterstara we ate chocolate bunnies after breakfast (lindt has small ones wrapped in gold foil wed ribbon bows. they were gone before i got out the camera). we colored eggs fresh local eggs from our friends at bluebird farms. the brown and green eggs took on dye with more subdued earthier hues.
me: ethan. did you pee on the carpet?
but there are less obvious markets as well. in all countries including the united states in most corporations there are entire swaths of employees from directors to vice presidents and higher who are without formal skills in everything from financial management to project management to leadership. this “wingingit” middle management – who often resemble mba’s in everything but skills represent tremendous penalties to shareholder value. the lowering of mba’s costs will greatly increase their adoption by these employees who desperately need the skills.
that said my trip round the senat was now several weeks ago and i've lost the handy thingy they gave out at the end with information. so this may be a slightly more skant version of the blog post i had been intending to write. i know this disappoints you. i'm sorry. (or i would be sorry but i've just come back from holiday so i don't actually care. but i can pretend just for you. yes i will share the photos and write that up too maybe even this very evening if you're lucky. you probably won't be.)
you know the whole "fold out table with make shift shade and home made goods in open plastic containers which are at just the right temperature that you can also see the bacteria having their daily bath" thing...
the death set – can you seen straight? (counter records)
congressman kinzinger's position page
in the following study then a moralism scale is reported which is used to check on the hypothesised relationship between moralism and radicalhumanitarian stances on social issues. an initial attempt will also be made to probe into 'what makes the moralist tick?'. why do people seem to believe in an absolute right and wrong when there are such obvious questions than can be raised about the tenability of such beliefs?
chrystal “but sometimes you do need to evaluate your intuition about someone or something. god may be trying to warn you of a potentially dangerous situation – called discernment.”
for promis'd joy"
* sinus pains pressures and soreness
i can’t explain the psychological connection i made last year between boulevard chocolate ale and a white russian. for some reason the chocolate ale made me think of a white russian. so instead of hunting for chocolate ale this year i’m going to pop in one of the best movies ever made and enjoy a white russian. the dude abides
though the drawings are stylized i always start with photos of actual plants for reference. one of my favourite jumping off points is a book i purchased a few years ago when we had a garden and before i realized that as much as i love them i am hopeless with plants.
here's to waiting for cooler weather and the return of our beautiful winged friends
one plum tomato sliced and sprinkled with maldon salt and black pepper
mj: you have recently launched your ‘weird science’ label how is that doing?
it is also important to point out that not all transsexual male to female play an active role sexually with their male genitalia. in fact many transsexuals do plan to have complete srs (sexual reassignment surgery) at some point in their lives. men should not approach transsexuals with the expectation that they will always have another penis in the relationship. transsexuality is not a sexual fetish but a gendor dismorphic disorder that stems from before birth. that is not to say that being transgender is a “bad” thing or mental illness it simply is a fact of life which has not yet been fully embraced by most civilized countries.
reverse engineering is the swtor equivalent of wow disenchanting; it provides very few materials but it is the way prototype and artifact schematics are discovered. by reverseengineering premiumquality items (this destroys them) you have a chance of discovering the prototype schematic; reing the prototype items gives a chance of discovering the artifact recipe.
anyway the application was flawless i used two coats and a top coat. kiko is definetly becoming one of my all time favourite brands for the quality of their products and the nice colour selection
and then there's me. zombie mommy. no amount of caffeine makes up for the lack of sleep. no amount of hot showering can relieve the stress i carry in my shoulders from tensely waiting to see what would happen in the wee hours of the worst of it. i'm exhausted and barely tolerating a massive headache between my temples. chris is gone and it's just kevin and me. i'm barely able to tackle the breakfast cleanup and ryan will be home soon. and i'll have to be "on" again.
as you can see dr. deornellas has helped me to understand quite a bit about autism.
how much time a day you think about that you should do something else for example should do sport should relax should drink litres water should meet your friends should eat more healthy foods etc? many months years went by in my life without stepping forward in "should do" cases. when it became ripe to act.
and a boy called gavin who thinks only that he is a city kid with parents who hate him and knows only that he sees things no one else will believe is boarding a train alone to cornwall.
okay i think that's about enough for one afternoon.
the most enjoyable thing for me was walking down the streets of hk at night. neon lights the assorted smells wafting from roadside eateries the relaxed chatter of schoolchildren and adults alike; everything amalgamated into some collective pursuit for something i can’t quite put my finger on some goal that keeps everyone striving on. oh and the weather was perfect too to degrees celsius
others say
the next doctor himself actor david morrissey talks exclusively in doctor who magazine about his role in the forthcoming christmas special...
elucidation of the poem worth the trouble. to another work of
you might be tired of hearing about tommy jordan the man who shot his daughter's laptop to punish her for complaining about him on facebook. i know i'm tired of it too. i was tempted to drop it completely but i think this is a very important story. it's not so much about this one family anymore but about the families of the thousands and thousands of people who think that his act was not only justified but a show of good parenting.
the levites are now standing up and praise god. they speak of how he created the world and all that is in it he was meticulous about it. god deserves praise for this and he is continuously praised in heaven for it. in fact they start on a spiritual summary of the entire record of scriptures up until that point.
i kept my eyes open for my blogosphere friends. i got a tap on the shoulder and it was julie it was so nice to finally meet her in person. she also introduced me to derrek another local blogger. she did great despite the freezing weather i looked for bobbi but with the crazy sea of people i didn't see her. i took a peek at her blog to see how she did and she had one hell of a pr i ran into a bunch of other people that i knew as well. this is a huge event and it is fun to take part in any way. i may just have to do it again next year.
a tale of two mommies by vanita oelschlager. this is another really cute book that explains how two mommies do the thinks that daddies do.
thanks for the constant support and love.
today is: food fun
in the months since the horrible allegations against jerry sandusky were dug up and then blown up the dynamics of the community surrounding coach paterno and penn state has ebbed and flowed starting big and strong but shrinking as more details were revealed. and now with his death the community can’t help but grow again.
i was a kid with longing and there on one of those late nights on the frenchlanguage channel no less (because it hardly mattered) was a film destined to be one of my very favourites; the most famous silent film in the world by far; the most thoroughly restored the most lovingly stolen from the most often screened too i bet—and what i saw has never left me. but then in another sense it has. that film that night was not the metropolis i saw this week.
writers: the duffer brothers
we also sampled some dino bubbles. after all the roaring was complete my girls went to bed clean soothed and ready for some dino dreams….a big thank you to smith and vandiver for supplying the samples
next audiobook:
i wanted to get in at least one game of belfort with the upcoming expansion. i found some complete strangers to play the game (it’s so easy to find people to play games with at the gathering). two had played the game before and one hadn’t but they were all interested in playing with the expansion. the playtest went smoothly with one player saying that he’d only ever want to play belfort with the expansion in the future because it brought the complexity up to a level that he enjoyed more. the game ended up in a tie between me and another player and the tiebreaker is number of resources – and we both had the same amount of resource so it was a complete tie
the beauty of incorporating it into theabysmal is the mathematical weave of time periods over the course of day periods as well as from yeartoyear. for example december st will be ahau (~xx sun). the following year december st will be chicchan (~v serpent) in december st falls on oc (~x dog) is men (~xv) then is messed up by the leap year. so the same day progresses from year to year by increments of and v. this is true for any given day of the year provided the leap year is dealt with.
the times article is charming. about artists a couple living in twin houses one pink one blue connected by a common patio. read it and find out how they came to this arrangement. the houses are charming to look at too.
. when using a floor machine keep the cable behind you and your line of work at all times. only cover a manageable area at any one time to prevent overstretching and fatigue.
there is the further problem that even if one did find a change using the above approaches one couldn't assign that effect solely to the power of prayer. it could be that the mere presence of a vigil has such an effect. to test this they would need to hold a vigil during which the participants do not pray. should we still see a change then one couldn't say the effect was due to prayer*. the real test though would be to have a prayer vigil that was in close proximity to abortion providers but not visible to anyone on the street or in the clinic say a next door office building. that would get to the heart of the power of prayer* in this context.
most people associate maritime with who they used to be: emo pioneers the promise ring. maritime is pretty sweet as well. not nearly as good as the promise ring but still awesome. and i have to admit at times this is precisely why i listened to them in the first place and have continued to pay attention to them over the years. yeah they put out really good records since their debut but it felt like they hadn’t quite reached their potential yet. maritime began as the promise ring davey and dan with the dismemberment plan eric axelson. one would expect similarities to the promise ring however davey and dan managed to create a unique sound of indie pop. the debut ep titled adios was released in of foreign leisure the bands own label. the ep was just a start up for the full length premier of the glass floor a witty earnest display of pop punk very clear a new beginning for members coming from prestigious bands.
from my experience of queensland i doubted that they could find three wise men or a virgin but i guess that i was wrong.
this wondrous mission
now back to work sewing more towels: i've got girl boy and gender neutral set on the way to my shop
i'm fine now.
traditions cannot be transplanted. just because a protestant church finds great vibrancy and edification in pentecostal rock music does not mean that a catholic parish will likewise be edified. a salt water fish can't live in fresh water. the crops that thrive in cuba wither in norway because the environment is different. the only difference between these examples and what we have today in the catholic church is that it only takes the greenthumb farmer one trial and one error to realize that tropical crops cannot flourish in cold climates; how many decades will it take for our liturgists to learn the same simple lesson?
now i was also planning on hanging some artwork to complete this bed wall project. remember the mockup i drew last week?
so here’s a radical thought: maybe you don’t need to lose a few pounds or that beauty or stretch mark or pay $ for new lip plumping cream.
we saw thrown from the hayloft door
the austin statesman's dave harmon has one of the better articles i've seen ("undocumented immigrants in jail: who gets deported?" march ) detailing how the federal "secure communities" program which ids undocumented immigrants in jail for deportation actually operates on the ground in travis county. harmon found that about % of travis county inmates who've received ice detainers were jailed for class c misdemeanors though that practice is receding and that most of those deported were arrested for misdemeanors. among the story's highlights:
in fact my blog is damn useless: a list of complaints about toast and coffee with the occasional sex adventure of bruce in orchard towers or bangkok. boring right? specialised topics right?
you see it's the myth of the cocktail rather than the sum of its alcoholic parts that's so incredibly potent: more than an amusing way to drink alcohol a wellmade cocktail is a sign that you recognise the possibility of a more sophisticated less frantic world at least until you slide inelegantly off your barstool having forgotten dorothy parker's maxim: 'i like to have a martiniwo at the very mosthree and i'm under the tableour and i'm under the host.'
we found ninja one day in our house because we had left the window open for bob and there she was without a collar just sat on our table she was quite big so my mum said we can’t feed her because then she will think it is her home so we just left her happy as larry just sat on the table. after that she just kept coming into our house so we started putting out lost and found posters up around were we live and waited for a response when no response came we caught her and took her to the vets to see if she had a chip and she didn’t so we took her home
we were on a mission to buy boy a tshirt for his birthday. we located the shop which was all decked up on the outside to look like a house with white shutters and tiles. inside we found a warren of tiny little rooms overstuffed with kit. and boy as if a switch had been flicked got very grumpy and teenage with me. he was so obviously finding me a total embarrassment. can't think why i only said things like:
victor bruno
i followed peredur’s story almost exclusively. during another nano i switched povs and followed tanwen. the sleepdeprived dream state of nano made all the difference for this story as i went to places i never normally would have gone.
with verm suffering another setback it’s high time aw the alchemist makes miquel’s promotion to the first team permanent. besides aw the alchemist is renowned for giving chances to younglings at the club. if he could hand youngling movie superstar tom cruise a debut against olympiakos in athens i believe that miquel should be given a chance to stake his claim for a place in the team. koscielny is out with a back problem so djourou will be in need of a new partner. it’s up to aw the alchemist to decide whether its the squisha or young miquel.
we spent time together as a family attending quite a few of the festivities and as well as some time at the beach. i even got in a bit of shopping....i'll post more photos later this week
denise: my father is my firstround editor. the minute i finish a chapter i send it off to him.
bruce was dealt a far worse hand than i. his disease was very difficult to detect his myeloma did not appear in his blood or in light chain analysis. it could only be found on imaging and via bone marrow biopsies.
vines grow up the ironwork of the swing
preheat oven to degrees. beat together applesauce almond paste (might have to break up with fingers) oil sugar and agave nectar. beat in egg and vanilla. mix well. mix together flour baking soda salt pepper and whey powder and add to applesauce mixture. add oats fruit and almonds and mix well.
a novel like a short story should be able to stand on its own. it should have a complete story arc with beginning middle and ending that an unfamiliar reader should be able to absorb and enjoy without reading five novels before or having to read what follows. everything required should be there. that doesn't mean there can't be allusion to characters and situations from before that would allow a fan who read the whole series to get something special. but the book should not require outside information pivotal to the story arc of this novel. this story has to stand on its own using only information provided inside the story or it's a cheat and a dirty trick to force more sales.
anna jackson kindness to horses 
jesus was claimed to stand on the mountain with elijah and moses. these would be the three figures which had the most miracles surrounding them in the bible. moses representing the law and elijah the prophets. in luke jesus spoke to moses of jesus departure( in greek exodus ).
how to swag
that first one is the "classic cheeseburger with a twist". $. for # natural beef (still not sure what that means though) marinated in island spices with gruyere cheese house pickles tomato grilled red onion mayo and pub mustard. a bit different not bad at all acceptable price for the nature of the pearl i would think.
when one can view how much hurt a tree faces when being torn by a storm
wordcount: 
cups: matters of the heart and emotions.
rather exclusive fairlight. nowadays samplers are cheap and
there is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs
apple recently ramped up stricter security measures for itunes and ios users in an attempt to prevent accounts from being abused or compromised. beyond just entering a password some users are now being asked to choose three security questions and a backup email address when they try to download content.
overall it was a great race for a great cause. race results were even better. i ended up getting third in my age group and received a $ active runner gift card awesome
the word
. what air strikes? presents a video by rt which challenges nato's claims about gaddafi's air force launching air strikes on benghazi. given the reliance upon sections of the liberal left on the argument that gaddafi was about to commit massacres in benghazi this is important. subsequently channel news reported that amnesty international and otehr international agencies had reported that there was no evidcence to support the claims of the imperialists that were used to justify their intervention.
they're saying you threw yourself into the sea is what they're saying now. they who don't know you they who really have no right to say anything about you. like me. except your face is all over the place on posters which means you belong to everyone now. the man on the street knows everything about everything and you're part of everything now. you should probably be made aware of that.
how are you using your plowshare and your pruning hook for god’s glory today? ask god to show you how he wants to use your skills resources and relationships to prepare for the great harvest he has planned.
update :pm: i know you are dying to have my brussels sprouts recipe so i've included it in the comments. if you still don't like brussels sprouts after this then i've done all i can to help you.
returning to the hotel we enjoyed our twenty percent off dinner and then walked along the river until it was time for bed after repacking our panniers so that our budapest clothes were easier to get at. there was also time to read about the danube bend that we would see the next day. our time in esztergom had been very pleasant and relaxing and now we were ready for the excitement of budapest.
dyke understands this is not the time to dish out a bollocking. he emphasises how even a game it is commending us on our work rate. the game opens up in the secondhalf. chris pye looks closer to full fitness shooting narrowly wide from distance on two occasions. he then sees a deft headed goal ruled out for offside. town make it twonil from a twenty yard free kick side footed low past jones’ left. we continue to huff and puff but an all important goal remains elusive. sam schwodler remained philosophic after the final whistle. equally unhappy with his own performance and the result he said: “it’s depressing but you have to forget about it and get on with the next game.” it seems like sound advice.
also i love to see a slowburning romance a la anna and the french kiss. they get to know each other. anna and st. clair become shock friends. same with the romance element in divergent. these felt wonderful and natural to me.
yo bitchez
seachange supplying cablenet cyprus with back office: video technology provider seachange international is suppl… http:t.cozwhzat
i first heard the song while checking out a band i'm going to see with a friend tomorrow night. i was unfamiliar with the band so i googled them. i was immediately blown away with how hauntingly beautiful their music was and then i heard the song wanderer. i became giddy with excitement to hear a song that summed up my character so well. i wanted to share my excitement with someone and i figured you all would appreciate the feeling of hearing a song that reminds you of your story.
during the struggle the girl’s calls to her mother were cut off at least three times. the girl somehow managed to call her mother back each time. a helpless tsyganenkov could only listen in horror to her daughter’s screams for mercy.
the hum in your chest?
all well and good but does it spell doom for craft breweries? if bud makes a great (and cheaper) amber will people quit drinking full sail's? i would love to hear the beereconomist reflect on this question but my sense is that it's just the opposite: bud can reach million consumers who will never otherwise consider a craft beer. and once they've begun drinking bud's ale they may well enjoy black butte porter or bridgeport ipa or roots heather. if bud's experiment is successful they will expand the market for craft beerone they won't ever be able to dominate in the way they dominate the singleproduct macro market.
this government isn't looking to cooperate with our movement. it isn't asking for our help. it is simply telling us that it will subject us to years of pay restraint and job cuts whilst undermining pension rights built up over generations.
.. pakistan sindh the wife and nephew of a police officer are murdered by suspected radicals.
included are sea salt mixtures (i found sea salt at my dollar tree) copycat montreal grill seasoning tuscan spiced salt and jerry's texas barbecue rub recipe.
context is when you check out user reviews before buying something. context is when you google a current event and pass up cnn or the new york times to get a blogger’s perspective. and context is something you can’t reliably count on getting from traditional media hooked as it is on the hour news cycle and reality shows.
it was so great to share my ny foodie hobbies (a few of which not pictured like mac & cheese at s'mac) with the girls. my favorite people + my wonderful city a seriously great weekend. i can't wait till our next reunion at the end of this month: visiting anna in d.c
at ease in the moment
however “man bites dog” is a very rare headline and whatever the media may want to believe in .% of all case it is the innocent white guy who ends up with teeth marks in his backside.
sometimes a break from your routine is the very thing you need...
"i have decided that i am going to use shelli gardner as my inspiration founder of stampin' upi love most of the stamp sets that su produce and i love the fact that they coordinate everything... card ink buttons ribbon and brads... this makes producing a project very pleasing to the eye. i also love that the colours are in colour families as they coordinate so well together. i have met shelli a couple of times and she is a lovely person and also a great crafter...
none of you make the task of choosing the top easy
here's my card and i have to say i hated it until i added the die cut flourishes on. it just sat there on my desk annoying me until i thought i'd pop those and the heart on now i think it's ok i made it using some echo park digi paper which i printed in sepia. then i didn't have any ink which matched so i used these dark inks on their second impression and i quite like the distressed look it leaves a happy little accident the wide ribbon is actually pieces of the same ribbon side by side and the paler ribbon is a hanging loop from one if my mums tops she saves them all for me the glitter card is ages old and from create & craft i think.
and in both cases within those two spatial instances those two pieces of 'architecture' time will effectively be stopped.
oh blog i've missed you. i've been in fearsome bookwriting mode for months; fearsome because i had plans to have finished a whole draft of a whole book this book by now. of course it turns out i have more to do. lots more to do. every day new little mushrooms of youstillhavethistodo sprout out of yesterday's smooth soil. there are a fact that shoots a hard sliver of ice through my veins whole chapters still to write. i am going to bed most nights and wrestling myself to sleep amidst the tangles of what i haven't done. by day it's a pleasure. i'm loving pottering through my stuff and sticking it together realising the joys of the contradictions moving away from the generalisations i'd been planning to draw.
one; not by conversion of godhead into flesh: but by taking of the manhood into god;
life with two little girls is a good life indeed.
be sure to visit all the blogs of the design team. everyone is sharing peeks of their own projects. here's a list with links for your ease in hopping
and tomorrow may never be mine
and i didn't want you to think i was trying to pull a fast one on you. i probably haven't cooked a real meal since sometime in february but i was busy in the kitchen before then so i will be posting several wintery recipes just in time for early summer.
addressing a need for spiritual purpose
once the paint was dry i took my orbital sander to it and distressed the mess out of it
all this thought about shoes has made me think about what our shoes say about us. my elegant aunt's selection told me i wanted to be just like her. my mother's were much more practical but lovely non the less until her later years when she was relegated to less attractive shoes in order to accommodate a brace insert. it broke her heart and ours as well.
just getting off the bus is an event. while trying to avoid stepping on little toes two sets hands quickly take your right hand and forearm two more sets take your left hand and forearm. another set of hands grabs you from behind and you are immediately relieved of any baggage you might have had. meanwhile anyone who is left is hugging you from the front. you have to shuffle your feet because you can't move any faster and you don't want to step on anyone. i got led into the team hope pavilion and seated on the boys side of the room meanwhile diane was led to the girls side of the room. as the music started i was surrounded by children smiling warmly at me and then they began to sing. i'm telling you this was a moment i won't soon forget. the children on either side of me were were gently caressing my arms and then the worship started.
that chill though. it can be so powerful. even one successful call has put my mind to ease. just the musings or remembrances of a long lived fully experienced man i suppose. ah all good. it would not be good to live in a world without fearing the loss of loved ones. that would mean one has no love wouldn't it? what could death hold that no love here would cause one to fear?
predictable
i cut an oval out of a sheet of clear shrink plastic as big as the sheet would allow and then cut an oval aperture in the middle.
this blog series explores the lives of ley ancestors as revealed in their obituaries. much of this information was gathered during a march research trip to tuscarawas and harrison counties in ohio. a scan of the obituary is available at the bottom of this post.
i feel that everyone will keep looking for their own sources that make sense to them and reject what does not appeal to them.
i'm still struggling to find a book that agrees with me. i'm persevering with alan warners "the stars in the bright sky" but it's a struggle. i've had jo nesbo's snowman sitting by the bed since the summer but i've been saving it for desperate times. i think desperate times are upon us. the mrs thinks i'm a nutter for saving up books like that she just gets stuck in and devours 'em straight away. i'm a bit fed up with the marketing of nesbo. having been reading him for a couple of years i don't want people thinking i've only picked him up because apparently he is the new larsson. he is miles better than larsson for a start.
libertysparkler
clinton told cnn?
we’re supposed to believe that the father would wait three weeks to look over those records and the lawyer wouldn’t have said anything about them?
choices are the hinges of destiny.
more pics from bologna
in a hot pan coated with tbs olive oil cook the tofu until lightly browned on the outside add the three kinds of peas and the garlic and basil. cook until peas are bright green and cooked but still crisp. add the peanut butter and stir. in a separate bowl mix the sauce ingredients. pour over the stir fry and mix until incorporated with the peanut butter. cook for minutes until sauce thickens. if the sauce is too thick you can add a little more coconut milk. if the sauce is too thin you can add a little more peanut butter. serve immediately over cooked rice sprinkle chopped cashews over the top right before serving.
you are responsible for figuring out the best way to ship your items depending on their size and how fragile they are. (don’t forget about flat rate boxes)
senate republicans have long backed eliminating the scholarships. minority leader christine radogno:
the concept was "the coop": a course brunch focused of course on the humble but in the hands of marcel and event partner haru kishi (most recently of chaya venice) limitless holiday icon the farm fresh egg. all for the unbelievable (for fine dining) price of $
i can't thank my parents enough for the past years of my life. i am officially graduated from high school and am enjoying this summer like none other. there is something about summer time that makes me dreamy and nostalgic this one especially since i will be off to college in just a few months. my parents have given me unconditional love and support these past four years of high school and i survived and had some of the best times of my life with many more to come.
roving cinema at sun king
when he is being extra ornery i say something along the lines of "rhode i am sorry you don't want to be a helpful part of our family but only helpful people get to live in those house." i then send him out the front door and shut it.
in fairness to ruberto’s mancini and his starridden squad they have grafted passed my expectation of them as a team. i didn’t believed they could scrap their way back into the title race after a disappointing run at the end of the season. maybe i was blinded by my own bias or listened too much to the over emphasis of the media surrounding the disharmony of the ballotelli and tevez debacle. either way i didn’t think they would have enough experience and drive to get this far. despite his fair share of controversy carlos tevez has played a blinder after his return to the team after a six month sabbatical. scoring a hatrick against norwich as he reignited his scoring partnership with his argentinean countryman sergio augero as both seemed to be singing of the same hymn sheet.
consensus: crown of horns is a wellmade finale for jeff smith’s saga and while it’s not the best collection of decisions (nor does it have the time to soak it up) it overall brings the saga to a mightily entertaining–and epic–conclusion.
today's post was inspired by the prompt the pest. and nobody could be nearly as surprised as i am to see the direction this one took me
baby it’s cold outside. but thankfully it's bustling and warm at the city bakery. this flatiron uberbakery and café is filled with the beckoning scents of fresh baked goods. unfortunately it's also filled with new yorkers looking for a fix of something good — "good" in this case meaning either good for you or just yumgood.
our whole family loves hearing loreeana mckennitt sing it.
i was tired and irritated. the children were halfhelping; you know the scenario walking like zombies suddenly needing to go to the bathroom disappearing for several minutes…i was disgusted. we needed to get things back in order and no one seemed as concerned about it as me. by the time we were finished cleaning i had managed to anger just about everyone and we went to bed having accomplished little. even my beloved said "you really ticked me off". oy.
this is highlighted by the severe mortality rate of the disease which has killed more than in every people that it infected. paul keim chair of the national science advisory board for biosecurity explained how volatile of a weapon the mutated bird flu could become:
good enough is good enough
in order to do this i’m going to have a look at an example and see how culture and cultural difference affects the characters and the stories. in order to do this we’ll be looking at paolo bacigalupi’s windup girl.
vout suggests that this statue which has the pose of apollon lykeios also has some elements of dionysos and asklepios in it and therefore that it all might add up to an identification with the local god echmoun. (also its position in the baths of hadrian looking downward into a pool has a set of imagery that suggests narcissus; and the pose is not only also reminiscent of narcissus but she suggests could further allude to endymion hylas hyakinthos or even hermaphroditus) echmoun was the principal deity of the phoenician city of sidon which is where the colony of leptis magna was founded from. various accounts state that echmoun was the eighth son (with no mother) from a phoenician god perhaps identified with the dioskouroi or apollon and his very name means “eighth.” in the apollonian versions echmoun is either syncretized as his son asklepios or considered a further son of apollon. in later versions of his myth he is a hunter and considered similar to adonis and in some versions he is said to have been in love with astronoe (a goddess syncretized to astarte or aphrodite) and to have castrated himself for her in the same way that attis did for cybele; but she brought him back to life and made him a healer with the warmth of her own body. coins from the reign of elagabulus in the third century show echmoun as a youthful beardless and beautiful ephebe very much like antinous.
most of the things were fine but there were some mangoes in the mix that were just... well they were clearly put in the bargain bin for a reason. i ate one by itself and it very nearly destroyed my great love of mango.
. steam or boil the cauliflower till soft. drain and leave to cool
i’m left huffin and puffin
here is the sketch to follow:
this the middle section of the novel is why the berlin crossing is being pitched in certain quarters as a thriller of the le carré variety but i think it will become quickly obvious to any fan of the classic spy thrillers that that’s not the kind of novel brophy had in mind. certainly he seems more than happy to play with the tropes and conventions of the spy novel the secret service ‘spooks’ in london recruiting unwilling spies via blackmail; the east berlin setting; the secretive missions false identities and ‘dead letter’ drops; the sense of claustrophobia and paranoia but any fan of le carré ambler et al will be underwhelmed by the berlin crossing as a spy novel.
i was soooo close to choosing white but in the end i just couldn't commit.
molding the exquisite stuff of sound frolicing in the studio
a year after a military coup removed democratically elected president
the wounds been opened so rather than make you all wait till monday to see the damage i’ll give it to now. plus i hate mondays already and i don’t think adding depressing posts to the mix will help our relationship. this was an awful awful month. april sucked if i can be so blunt. it just downright sucked. well april didn’t suck i sucked. . april was decent. weather could’ve been a little nicer in my opinion.
on his way to lunch j stopped and asked me where i was going. girls are so smart.
“we don’t. i’ll be the one going to the backroom and finding out the information we need. i want to know who mitch was with that night my family was murdered. whoever he was going to meet tomorrow should know something.”
the stillwagon's daughter tracy wrotewhat started as a few meals some interesting stories and a couple of pictures ... turned into a mission to visit as many of guy's featured restaurants as possible and quicker than anybody else. my parents are so fortunate. they raised beautiful successful daughters ... retired from their jobs at young ages were able to save money so they could travel after their retirement and still have their health to pursue their dream. they have traveled from new york to california and back again to pursue their dream.....of meeting guy fieri.
leave a comment and let me know how you like the new look my blog. enjoy the ham and potato soup – and enjoy the beauty of spring
if we do so we can gracefully point any situation in a direction that favors our good and which benefits all concerned.
so i hit a snag with the burda dress no zipper in the stash. while i was waiting to make a trip to the "local" (sixty some odd miles away) fabric store i found a nice dark wash stretch denim at my local walmart of all places. (yeah apparently they can get nice denim but they can't stock an invisible zipper in any color other than black or white.)
thank you so much for advocating for these kids. i'm not even waiting for the give away. i clicked right over to reece's rainbow and donated to peter. now someone go get him
and this isn't going to be long because i'm being forced into this and doing a stupid book review. holy mother of humanity i just want to sit....and watch tv.
i've used flocked pp & acetate prima green tara bella bizzy bec's & unknown flowers brads kaiser pearls bella paper butterflies lace & chipboard for the flourish sml butterflies and the bg alpha.
we woke this mooring to a ucky with very low cloudy damp mist even at o’clock you couldn’t see denver from salters lode.
when i first saw those photos i couldn't sleep at all had the lights on all night and kept checking my parents' room to make sure their heads were still attached to their bodies.
and i keep on walking through the valleys and catacombs of life
as wonderful as this piece is why does it belong here in wonderland? it is difficult to see but at the very heart of this piece suspended from the post of the main clockwork component is a hand crafted alice pendant it is in the shadow of the clock gears but i think you can catch a glimpse in this photo:
comments: this is a surprisingly light ipa that seems to fit all summer season because it lacks the aggressive characteristics hop flavors that normally make this a cool weather beer. should you be invited to a beach party this summer it would do you no harm to take a case of the spear along the matter what food is served. i feel it is one of the most refreshing ipas i've ever tasted.
instead we have najib announcing a need to review the allowances of the parliamentarians. and this is probably the worse bit of budget . it seems a joke that at a time when the country’s coffers are dwindling and its economy stagnant the prime minister is considering a pay rise for the parliamentarians.
. i am number four – god damn you twilight. by making a shitload of money with your general awfulness you’ve inspired imitations i am number four is about an alien who like the vampires of twilight decides the place he really wants to be is high school. genocidal aliens are out to kill him and every last member of his species (in numerical order for reasons that are never explained) so you’d think he’d have bigger problems. this is one of the high school stereotype movies where just because a pretty blonde girl is creative and artistic the boys at her school somehow stop noticing that she is still in fact a pretty blonde girl. then there’s the generic guy in the lead whose name i could look up right now but if he failed to leave that much of an impression why even bother? the worst thing this movie does is drag down great character actors like kevin durand and timothy olyphant with it. d.j. caruso’s first film was an awesome little neonoir called the salton sea (which you should all totally check out). this movie makes me sad to see how far he’s fallen.
i am looking into using an editor for the rat king book two of the changers trilogy/
hello everyone.. wow we had lots of last minute christmas entries last week and i had a real time choosing a winner and top so to be fair i used random.org .
needless to say there is much more to rand’s work than the strategic thought of albert wohlstetter and abella’s book is an introduction to the broad range of ideas rand has espoused — from “rational choice theory” (explaining all human behavior in terms of selfinterest) to the systematic execution of vietnamese in the cia’s phoenix program during the vietnam war. as an institution the rand corporation remains one of the most potent and complex purveyors of american imperialism. a full assessment of its influence both positive and sinister must await the elimination of the secrecy surrounding its activities and further historical and biographical analysis of the many people who worked there.
intuitives
he had to leave his leg in this cpm machine for hours a day. it would slowly move in & out to keep his leg from tightening up. oh the joy
the number one complaint of all customers in regards to the sales experience is;
bonus single player missions focusing on other nonpenal army units
“i came out washed my hands and i come out of the restroom and there was a lady outside who said ‘oh that’s a man’” witherspoon said. “i just ignored her.”
the king sent the magi to bethlehem with orders to find the child so that he may worship him too. so they went on their way and followed the star of light until it stopped over the place where the child was born on this night.
when i was about years old i used to go up to chabot observatory to the public show. they usually did some show & tell exhibits indoors and then if the night was clear went and used their two telescopes. after awhile they would let me lead parts of the program and it was great fun and education too. due to that i ended up taking semesters of astronomy in college.
i think by the time e and the b started we'd finally found everyone. another solid show but nothing fantastic. nosegref crack and i left just when they started cranking through the hits so we could get to emo's for zox.
i am proud to be from a long line of military men and women. fletchers have served in every major conflict on which the usa has engaged. i don’t care what you think about the merits of conflict(s) but their sacrifice protected your right to voice your thoughts.
but don't just take my word for it i have proof.
if you have any feeling of hopelessness inside and you can’t seem to escape its infectious grip cry. cry hard. cry as often as possible. wash it out of your system. and talk. to anybody you trust and truly love. it will help to set you free–eventually.
there was a temporary exhibition of contemporary fine art constructed around private collectors and their collections a private affair. below are works by lisa milroy andrew bracey and gordon cheung.
assalamu alaikum
and we came home to snuggle up on the couch and watch 'cloudy with a chance of meatballs' under a quilt instead of nap time. what a perfect sunday afternoon. we'll definitely be back up there again and my only advice is book in advance because it books out quickly for sunday lunch
ccd‘s sequin mesh gown in sapphire is simply too hot to be legal but it is long flowing and super sexy this gown hugs your curves in all the right spots.
think about it: it's a false choice. if they resign their lives to inertia there's no story.
as long as they eat and are enjoying themselves you will be the hero.
tilda paper and coloured the magnolia fairytale tilda stamps with copics i know i'am still a beginner but i think the colouring is nice not as good as i wish but that takes time :)).
since that day i am like a hawk any time i walk in to a new environment. i look around for things that i might recognize or have in common with the business as well as items of interest. remember that people love talking about themselves. i have found that the easiest icebreaker is to find something in your surroundings or conversation that has a personal tie to the person you are trying to talk to and ask the right questions about it. i always find that it is easy to get more time out of people in a sales setting if you get them talking about themselves or something they are interested in.
it depends on how the issue is framed and who is framing it. but it goes something like this: proponents of restarting some of the nuclear facilities are saying that parts of the country will experience energy shortfalls leaving not just homeowners to suffer but also the country’s economy as big businesses potentially compensate and reduce production. and relying on fossil fuels will not just create more emissions but also increase energy costs for those same businesses and consumers.
thank you everyone for you kindness and generosity i will be doing this again next spring with hopefully even bigger and better blog candy
people talk big now but wait till the government says you are going to prison for owning a certain gun and see how most cave in. it happened with the national firearms act of where all fully auto and short barreled shotguns were banned they were not grandfathered in. you had better think about it now. it's easy to say you will hide them but what if your neighbors and family know you have them what if your wife cries and begs you to obey the law to avoid prison what if there's a reward paid for turning in violators who else knows your secrets. what will you do.
there can be too much fleetwood mac on morning radio.
“you obviously haven’t sat and talked with her for five minutes.” he aimed a finger at his own head. “scrambled eggs up there dude.”
evidently i'm not the only one who feels this way judging by what is being said in the comments of this post
i could spend (and probably will during my drosh) some time unpacking this statement. but for right now let’s leave it with the reality that without revelation we cast off restraint – we indulge our own selfish will – and we do that at a serious risk to our spiritual lives.
thousand
this book is definitely a classic the message at its heart is absolutely timeless.
i am loving reorganizing my bedroom trying new recipes and drinking tea in the evenings.
 i'm seriously going to keep these products on hand at all times
the ingredient list was very small and i already had most of what i needed in my refrigerator. plus financiers are french so that added to my motivation; for those of you who are unfamiliar with financiers they could be best described as small moist spongelike tea cakes that usually have a dome on top. they are golden and buttery and their name comes from the french word for “bar of gold” because this is what they resemble in their purest form (financierfinancebar of gold…an easy way to remember the word.) legend also states that the cakes became popular in paris’s financial district and thus received their name…but i like to picture them as little gold coins.
admit that zuma would likely not have been picked up by the ancyl "if mbeki hadn't gone after him." malema stated matter of factly that zuma is "a victim of a conspiracy similar to what would happen in american politics." when poloff politely challenged him about his analogy he backed off and said "well that's how it's portrayed in movies." when asked what triggered the loss of mbeki's support from the ancyl he replied that "mbeki thinks he's too clever for all of us and he won't engage with us." in a subsequent aside malema admitted that ancyl president fikile mbalula did not want to support zuma during the rape trial but that the regional leadership insisted arguing that if the yl defended zuma on corruption charges they could defend him on rape charges since both acts are immoral. he also hinted that fikile was told his position depended on his support of zuma.
have you ever had the feeling that you've lived another life? been somewhere that has felt totally familiar even though you've never been there before or felt that you know someone well even though you are meeting them for the first time? it happens. in on the remote and secretive island of blessed where rumour has it that no one ages and no children are born a visiting journalist eric seven and a young local woman known as merle are ritually slain. their deaths echo a moment ten centuries before when in the dark of the moon a king was slain tragically torn from his queen. their souls search to be reunited and as mother and son artist and child forbidden lovers victims of a vampire they come close to finding what they've lost. in a novel comprising seven parts each influenced by a moon the flower moon the harvest moon the hunter's moon the blood moon this is the story of eric and merle whose souls have been searching for each other since their untimely parting. beautifully imagined intricately and cleverly structured this is a heartwrenching and breathtaking love story with the hallmark sedgwick gothic touches of atmosphere bloodspilling and sacrifice.
a commuter bus full of passengers headed to the lower east side was barreling towards billy the driver momentarily distracted by a man who had just spilled his steaming latte on his lap and was screaming out in loud unintelligible sentences had caused the driver to look up at his large viewing mirror just above his sun visor to determine the nature of the problem and didn’t see the young boy dart into the street however what did get his attention was the black umbrella that suddenly hit his windshield completely obscuring his vision and causing him to immediately slam both his feet onto the brake pedal.
"it makes my heart scream to see you lot doing your thing
poor levi. i bet he rues the day he got involved with that bunch of grifters.
the night before halloween giddy with anticipation henry asked me where "halloween comes from." taking a deep breath to allow me moments to think (all parents have been there before) i was proud when in the depths of my cob web infused brain i was able find some halloween information.
scrapbook a little more.
in a lot of ways we’re in the same boat. we’re surviving as it is but we can’t take on many more families.
lashawn – man it was crazy. i didn’t know what my feedback was going to be from the stands. i didn’t know a lot about how my body was going to respond so i just had to put myself in the moment i was in. i got there and knew i had trained well and was ready to run fast so i just executed my race – and i ran the fastest time in the world. i knew i was in good shape and ready to run real fast. when i got to the finals it was sort of a new experience because it was the first time i had not run several races prior to a championship. i went out and ran but my body and mind weren’t in one accord because i didn’t have all the races behind me. i just went out and was leading and just got to a zone where my body hadn’t been in a long time for my body and mind to know what to do. i wasn’t in sync body and mind. you train to be there and do this and i think that’s what took me through to that point. i’m thankful for having the opportunity to do that and run that well. i got second at worlds and didn’t have a great race on a certain day but it let me know i was blessed with a gift. so i have to go out and work hard to take advantage of that gift.
because it is true and it must be said
for the ample dinner parties i’ll throw
dad is generous to a t; he has graciously helped every member of our family. it is impossible for me to thank my dad enough for all he's done the only way i know how is to live my life as best as i can and to dedicate my achievements to him. if could ever achieve ten percent in my lifetime of what my dad did in his given his humble beginnings i'd probably be prime minister of australia by now.
tysa’s community feedback approach preceded the globalgiving storytelling project. gichuki actively partnered with globalgiving for storytelling because he saw it aligns with his existing system. when problems arose for tysa’s kids that were beyond the scope of sports school or what parents could do – he reached out to the community and formed groups. some village elders became community mentors men and women that the youth could talk to about problems and who could also be a bridge between the children and parents.
to sounds of heav'nly harps she dies away
the federal housing finance agency (fhfa) has announced the extension of the home affordable refinance program (harp) until december ; therefore any loan originated on or before this date in the refi plus program is eligible for these new features.
a few pics of emma in all her cuteness:
delinquent dark purple with bright purple sparkle
there are no minimum requirements to what you need to do to link up however i would appreciate it if you found atleast new blogs you'd like to follow and follow them via google friend connect (gfc) comment and let them know you found them thru follow friday this way the purpose of this project actually works
it has been quite some time since i’ve read any of emily dickinson’s poetry. i have a collection of her poetry buried in one of my bookcases. i’m going to hunt it down this weekend and read it. do you plan on reading any dickinson this month? if so what works of or about emily dickinson interest you?
use your might to direct the un population fund
anyway this is just a post to prove that i am still alive and will be back crafting soon. i did make one thing but i can't share it with you until next monday. it is for the fccb :) so for now i have a couple of pics of something i have been working on that isn't quite a craft.
amen come lord jesus (rev :)
so it produced a sore throat and the sniffles.
so glad it's the weekend.
favorite cable tv drama
when threequarters of americans think the country is on the “wrong track” and even bill clinton calls the economy “lousy” how then to run for a second term? traveling tuesday to osawatomie kan. site of a famous teddy roosevelt speech obama laid out the case.
ms. noel is seeking $ million in damages.
but first i'd like to thank you for leaving comments here when i wasn't able to return the favor.
i sincerely hope what the senator said was distorted but i doubt it as i had the pleasure of presenting on political rape to the senate gender and development thematic committee a couple of years ago and one of the senators said that men are not animals they do not gang rape thankfully this was totally discounted by the female members of the committee. the calibre of some of our senators is appalling; in the next election let us vote in men and women of substance please.
professor andrew prescott hatii university of glasgow
what is gq’s social media strategy?
“might want to check in at the sam bascom merchantile” i try to be helpful.
bottom line is scream fans ought to watch but lower their expectations. this will most certainly be the last one unless wes craven can pump one out on half the budget. frankly it is struggling with the resources already at hand. worth watching but could have been better.
over a year ago i left facebook and have never looked back due to fb’s highhanded privacy abuses and other disturbing considerations such as goldmansachs and possibly russia buying in it was rumored.
i am praying that his light would shine through the fog. that his voice will be heard and guide me to peace. i am reminded of psalm and hold to it.
somewhere within me
i don't mind very much but i'm afraid i won't really recognise it when i return for a visit. that the place i used to call home will feel only vaguely familiar like it's a place i've only dreamt about but never been. a place where coriander is called cilantro where butter is measured in tablespoons instead of grams and where i don't use the word "quite" quite so often. i'm afraid i'll get caught pronouncing the "h" in "herb" and people will look at me strangely.
someone really needs to send the young pussycats on a course in constitutionalism. malema sounded completely flummoxed at the concept of separation of powers and constitutionalism when quizzed this week. this is not surprising since education was not his strong point while at school. his speciality is disruption not dialogue.
more evidence that technology has reduced the number of good jobs can be found in a working paper by david autor an economist at mit and david dorn an economist at the center for monetary and financial studies in madrid. they too point to the crucial years of –. job growth happened mainly at the ends of the spectrum: in lowerpaying positions in areas such as personal care cleaning services and security and in higherend professional positions for technicians managers and the like. for laborers administrative assistants production workers and sales representatives the job market didn’t grow as fast—or even shrank. subsequent research showed that things got worse after . during the recession nearly all the nation’s job losses were in those middle categories—the positions easiest to replace fully or in part by technology.
i swear irl you can't see any vnl however in these photos it seems so obvious.
that the number of deaths of lung cancer for mexican men aged is only hundreds more than in scotland is also astonishing. one might think that mexicans have some genetic advantage but clearly this did not help the spanish.
this stuff about babies and bread is being dished up by scientists who want to butter us up for a mandatory dosing.
hywel williams mp
“well my legs itch at night. do you think this stuff will help it?” joe asked.
because i wanted to use my existing monitor and keyboardouse i checked the cable fittings which were ps. the mini computer i was purchasing however didn't have those fixtures at the back so i had to buy a usb to ps adapter. it looks like this:
the first thing i noticed as i raised my hands to look for my lock in the array of locks hanging along the chain was his enchanted facegazing intently at me with a guarded enigmatic expression which spoke all languages restrained love was a polyglot of.the way he was looking at me made me realize how clumsy i was with the manoeuvre and how his eyes could find beauty in places wholly mundane and meaningless to the rest of us.finally when i found my locki could not help but look wistfully at the chain which held so many of the locks along its entire length and was more than a merger of ordinary and the symbolicof tangible and the spiritual.we were at the doorway of the dargahand i could already feel the waves of absolute peace and piety which cut you off from rest of the world leading to a trance almost painful and majorly exotic.
this little trouble maker started walking (at nine months) in november. i wasn't ready for it at all even in the midst of midterms and finals i was able to crank out some fun diy projects for around the house can't wait to tackle a few more
next they’ll be trying to snuff out officers who are too straight or too white…
jason lively...chris
saying goodbye is never easy and i'm torn between hating to say goodbye to friends that i love and care about but also knowing that we really need that break from each other too. we need time away to learn to be empathetic kind caring and tolerant of each other again and just learn to be good people because if we expect it of our students we need to expect it of ourselves.
clickable index to the above:
they do a new age take on slow mournful americana music. i’m not particularly drawn to the new age vibe but i know lots of folks are.
background: she's participating in one of the seattle shakespeare company's short shakes programs. she's been interested in doing this since stun went to the adult company's production of "romeo and juliet" last fall. they had pictures up from a previous short shakes group and it looked like a lot of fun. so we signed her up.
helen liked the cookies so much that she asked me to make them again for her outoftown wedding guests and wedding party she was putting together a welcome package for all of them and wanted to include these cookies. so i made the cookies again for her outoftown wedding guests and slipper (flipflop) cookies for her wedding party.
as i blogged i've had opportunities to meet people and to work alongside several businesses. i've learned so much as i've read others' blog posts and prepared my own. i'm also excited to share about innovative business ventures i've gotten to promote.
peanut butter………. and jelly
and they can rock too: ‘shelley’ cooks with stonesy guitars ‘i’m the one’ takes us back to the humid melbourne days of camilleri’s hit band jo jo zep and the falcons ‘waitin for the hammer’ bristles with stax soul excitement. unlike too many double or triplealbum sets (of which it is often said that they would have made one great single album) every song here counts; the riches on crooked little thoughts are many and varied. the moods colours and stories here are tied together by something as simple as ‘heart’ – all the characters streets towns kisses and sads are real and very human.
what i really love about this banner is that it is adorable and looks perfect in her room and emmy has the satisfaction of having something she created in there. i think she did a fantastic job too
here's a zoom to show the range of holos. octa gone wild is long gone in relation to buying it from the usual outlets but if you can keep an eye on ebay or blog sales (where i got mine) you might get lucky.
let cool and then cut into bars. we've found that cutting them in thirds the long way and then into the desired width makes for a good sized bar. we wrap ours individually to make it easier to grab and go.
my goal weight right now is and i know that by the these things will swallow me so i’ve decided that when i reach my goal i’m going to burn them. it will be a final goodbye. however until then i will wear them. even when i’m and i can use them as a blanket i will have those babies strapped on with a belt. the night before the sending off i’ll wear them one last time. i might even cry a little.
on animal farm"
the holy martyrs isaac apollos and quadratus were pagans who served at the court of the emperor diocletian (). they were among the spectators who witnessed the sufferings of the holy great martyr george (april ).
to produce a sketch which was merely a plan
i do this once in the spring and then i use the rear bagger in the fall for leaves and mulch.
unfortunately my washer is no longer working. the repair guy said it will cost almost as much to fix it as it will to buy a new similar model. the thing is if i get a new washer i'll want something that's been tranformed and if i get something transformed i'll want a dryer to go with it.
about two hours later he was throwing up just like mommy. poor guy. all. over on the floor. in the hall. in the toilet. on the furniture. on a sleeping bag. on the floor again. any hints on getting puke smell off furniture? by the th time he hit the bucket spoton. yoi.
the entrance hall is light and airy containing giant photos all around the walls of the various characters and high above is the weasley’s flying car. on one side of the hall is the coffee shop and toilets on the other is the extensive gift shop containing everything you might need for attending hogwarts from clothing and stuffed pets (including replicas of several of the costumes from the movies) to the marauder’s map and sweets from
i am not sure where the couple theme came from but it seems to be appearing in my view these days . . ..
at the slope of a driveway we saw the door rusted and slightly open and waited there peeking around the corner. as soon as the third floor gorilla poked his head out the front door of the building and ran screaming towards his car we deked into the building onto the basement floor.
meeting myself on the path
“this is not a request.” general wei insisted. “you are trespassing and must relocate to the nearest assistance center. this is for your own good.”
i'm really just faffing about tonight but it's all under the guise of practising what i've been learning in my photoshop class...
students all over the world have to study history. it is related to freedom struggles revolutions discoveries myths right up to wars such as the ww and ww. as often said without the past there would have been no present.
rich has the week off next week and we plan to spend as much time doing this as the weather will allow don't tell anyone but i think i might even pull brenna out of school for a few hours so we can do some serious hunting :) if you are looking for a fun cheap hobby for the whole family....you have to give geocaching a try
by using examples and analogies from a huge variety of choices the authors are able to find an idea for everyone. a supermarket of choices there is bound to be an example that sticks. this broadens the audience and continues to make the book a relatable and practical tool welcoming to all of those interested in learning about style.
but i was just a human on earth
shabazz malcolm’s chosen muslim last name. it’s the muslim name his wife betty also chose. the name they bestowed upon all six children.
when we realize that all things are also processes the concept of existence can take on a new meaning. perhaps we should shift our focus from the idea that existence is about things. what exists is what is happening. no process goes on forever and thus we can’t really speak of the things that exist for all time and in all places. things people societies ideas… these are all dancing patterns and when the dancing stops only stillness remains.
the rest of the weekend i will be working on laminating and inserting all of my current charts and spreadsheets that i am going to centralize into the binder
michael devine is a very talented textile designer from new york who specializes in hand printed fabrics. he also runs a successful textile company and an on line store called “michael devine home.”
this morning on the today show they offered some money advice. this is always my favorite part of morning shows. they always have such great tips. usually they are ones that i already know but it is always great to be reminded.
don't know about you but i am really behind on getting christmas on at the house...we lost our tree to yet another flood last winter...sigh. so i have to get a tree fast that also means no holiday decorations to be found...so unlike me :( but i did manage to put together a merry mailbox featuring spellbinders™ die templates class for my lss craft fancy in arlington hts. il
as much fun as not having to go to work is it's a relief to not be frantically searching for a job anymore. working parttime is pretty much the best of both worlds (with exception of the smaller paycheck).
weber points us toward nietzsche as the common source for serious thinkers of the twentieth century. he also tells us what the single fundamental issue is: the relation between reason or science and the human good. when he speaks of happiness and the last man he does not mean that the last man is unhappy but that his happiness is nauseating. an experience of profound contempt is necessary in order to grasp our situation and our capacity for contempt is vanishing.
you could be good at this my master said
it’s only the second ever quilt i’ve made and the hexagons were a challenge for me. i have no real flair for sewing just bloody minded determination and sore fingers. anyway the piecing is done (yay) and after ironing it tomorrow i can start the actual quilting. i’m only doing a basic pattern since i’m a beginner so it won’t be as bad as the hexagons at least i hope not.
present tense: lay
in the fall of wacap adoption agency began to send emails out to many adoption groups pleading for a new group of older orphans who needed families. "they are all listed as healthy" the broadcast email read "they are in danger of turning and 'ageing (sic) out.' this means they may have no support or resources and have to live on their own in china if they are not adopted before they turn ." this particular group would become known as the first "journey of hope" program through wacap one of the largest china adoption programs in the u.s. emails went out and word spread through the yahoo groups discussing wacaps new program which included the luoyang orphanage adoption group where adoptive families were advocating for children "soon to be aging out" of that orphanage which comprised the majority of the children on wacap's list. one luoyang adoptive parent wrote of "a program that was to get older kids adopted. perhaps there is a new effort to get the older kids paperwork ready and have files in at ccaa. maybe they are being added to ccaa's new 'shared' list. thirty or so agencies are now being 'tested' with the new 'shared' list of older or sn kids."
after those few points of business we got to the tastings:
i stumbled upon this at the brattle – i had no idea it existed let alone that it was only published a few years ago. (i loved the introduction by l’engle’s granddaughter lena roy also a writer.) both the plot (life in a summer stock theatre in the s) and the protagonist – tall gawky naive erudite elizabeth – mirror l’engle’s own experience. the supporting characters (especially kindhearted jane and sweet ben) are a lot of fun and there are some bittersweet moments of wisdom and truth and lots of quoting from shakespeare and chekhov. typical l’engle in other words – probably best appreciated by those of us who love her already.
level : mp cost: damage: % attacks up to enemies.
beer log: february 
she waited until roger was only a few feet away.
when i asked if she had happened to pop in and see her new greatgreat grandchild born to my cousin she replied “of course”
i hope that you get a chance to slow down at least a little this summer. write back and let me know what you do to take things just a bit easier this season. or if you don't get to take the summer off how do you make the most of your weekend relaxation?
battle of the bulge
critics of verizon’s planned purchase of cable operator spectrum were quick to jump on the company’s announcement wednesday that it was putting the mhz spectrum it got in an fcc auction on the block contingent on the approval of the purchase of aws spectrum from spectrumco.
alan continued on saying that the energy of ease is universally available but some people have found a way to access and use it.
his mum on the other hand is not the shy and retiring type and has decided to publish his entry here on her own little piece of the internet for posterity ... and because she is as proud as punch and she can
to humble those who refuse to see
clicogate has yet another twist in the scandal as it appears that $m of nib funds was sunk into clico investment bank. maybe the finance heads can explain to me why national insurance $$$$$ had to be invested in clico at a time when it was clear the company was in trouble….was this another form of bailout???????
i was inspired by el salonsito. they have many gorgeous nail art designs but the spray paint nail art always looks so awesome that i had to try it.
frehley's beefs with his former band are succinctly stated less angry than disappointed and sympathetic (on his part); these brief shots about his former bandmates mainly gene simmons don't break up the flow of these sometimes hairraising and often funny stories.
now when i see others with this kind of fundamental faith and belief in their religion i find it equal parts scary and admirable. maintaining that kind of faith and devotion requires a surrender to an intense myopia that i can't even imagine. it requires that you view the world in terms of absolutes: black and white; yes and no. there is no room for shades of gray or maybes in a mind filled with the idea that there is only one path to heaven.
well at least i got my exercise for the day i wished i had my knitting with me—i could have completed most of the sock foot i didn't have any knitting or for that matter anything to read—so i just looked out the window at semi urban main street—for most of the trip from nassau county to queens countyhillside is a major commercial strip.
sources indicate that one of the most recent transactions has been the sale of a property in the city’s finsbury square(technically the building is in the london borough of islington but it is effectively part of london’s financial district). royal london house at finsbury square ec is understood to have gone “sale agreed” for gbp m (€.m). the building has sq ft of partlytenanted existing accommodation but there had been plans to redevelop the site and double the accommodation.
more recently the nrc arbitrarily concluded these pools could store this spent fuel safely for years.
savannah asked for an elephant so may i introduce ebie. once again i used an online pattern and modified it. if you click on the picture of ebie you will be taken to my flickr album and the link for the pattern can be found there.
may be i don't be his private teacher anymore but i do believe with his mother on his side he can studying better have a comfortable zone..
the dark angst ridden stuff i wrote back then oh god should i be embarrassed…..tonight is my last night in my current house and so all the old odds and ends and hidden boxes of souvenirs were finally pulled out from under the bed. and there it was ‘the memories box’ – all dusty and ragged looking but still able to cast a silent spell of nostalgia over me. i hunched up to the wall and lifted the lid. ryder cup passes electric picnic passes (the less sunny irish attempt at coachella) and other random cinema tickets birthday cards and letters to loved ones when i lived in france. and then there they were – letters and late night poetry to ‘the boy’.
the pretty little ribbon shop is an online store offering a wide range of ribbons twine rubber stamps and embellishments for all of your crafting needs. this month's new arrivals are gorgeous large check gingham and polka dot ribbons in a variety of gorgeous colours. international and small orders are always welcome.
on tuesday officials at the horace mann school in cherry hill new jersey directed calls from yahoo shine to the cherry hill school district’s offices; a call to a spokesperson there was not immediately returned. cherry hill public school district spokesperson susan bastnagel told the collingswood patch on tuesday only that the incident is “an internal personnel matter that the district took seriously and handled appropriately.”
a – para . states that – “…there is no single system of procurement which should be preferred in all circumstances…”
as to pilgrim or chimp (really we know it’s joan) – says that i caused her disabilities. oh really? she’s got allergies and irritable bowel syndromes and chronic kidney and bladder infections – how the hell could i cause that?
camillo sitte devoted a large part of his volume to the examination of places^ and to elucidating the principles of their design. he holds as does generally the modern school of town planners in germany that the irregular places of the middle ages were definitely designed on sound artistic lines to produce the definite effects aimed at and were by no means the result of accidental growth. it is likely that this theory is being pushed farther than the evidence will support. there is however no doubt that in the middle ages there was such a strong and widely prevalent tradition of the right and wrong in building at any period that the builders seem at least to have been generally capable of seizing upon accidental irregularities and making something definitely fitting and beautiful out of them ; so that unconscious growth and conscious design seem to have been working towards much the same end and probably it is not possible to distinguish between them nor is it necessary for our purpose. it is enough if we can discover to what is due the pleasing effect produced.
a splash of red against the green
how do you guys feel about endermen. i imagine that we all share the same feeling. well one person decided to create a little “tribute” to our dear friend the enderman. you may have seen some of his videos before. they are known to be quite…explosive. let’s take a look.
it's been an incredible journey over this last year watching this fun loving little guy. he is his parents first baby and the joy he brings to them is such a treasure love you frankie and family
recent immigrants tended to vote for labour.
if they started to cry.....
mind you l think l have cut enough tumblers for about quilts
the year old niece has a brand new little brother so we also made a little red monster for the baby. there was some discussion about whether this is a dinosaur or a monster. i think he's a monster. regardless he has awesome green spikes.
my child will never do that….
 persal training ()
in my younger days i learned to never say never…
before we get to this weeks challenge we have a winner to announce. i'm so glad you enjoyed our challenge last time. the sketch was a little bit different from the usual so i'm truly happy that you enjoyed using it. )
no complaints about the min train to the bus stop. it's a good opportunity to gather whats left of your nerves and to prepare you for the next leg of the journey the bus and the actual process of getting out of this country.
if you had a snail that could magically grant wishes what would you name it?
 tbsp. rice vinegar
it is rare to find a director with as aweinspiring a body of work as stanley kubrick. certainly part of his highly successful "batting average" is due to the relatively small number of films he madebut much more so it's due to his sheer genius and the rare manner in which he voraciously and uncompromisingly brought his visions to life on the screen. there are a few kubrick pictures which will be popping up during this series of perfect moviesthe first of them is his sublime political and social satire dr. strangelove.
we are loving and hating the new house at the same time. lovely to be in brand new home sunset is to die for peace and tranquility but i am constantly having to remind dad to do things for the house he's so busy that i don't blame him for not having it as a priority but blair isn't so understanding. ben has no light we have no bars in the wardrobes to hang clothes no no curtains except in bedrooms fire still not installed ensuite toilet doesn't work spa bath not hooked up the list goes on .......
can you tell that i am just bursting with happiness it is true i have never had new furniture until lately. i love it.
fjordman and i agree that if europe succumbs to the jihad then america won’t stand a chance — if they go down we go down. we will last longer but we will face the same fate. the european crisis stands before us to warn america of what is to come.
plantation and again to california;
geej: no but when he's more years old he'll be and then he'll probably be dead.
'phoebe's fabulous oatmealraisin cookies'. my daughters love the tv show 'friends'.
level : mp cost: damage: % attacks up to enemies.
somehow they never seem complete without fresh flowers. i cannot wait until summer when i can simply snip a few blooms from my garden for now i settle for the little bouquets i occasionally pick up at the grocery store. life's simple pleasures.
thanks jeanne for the recommendation. (this movie is currently on cable is available through netflix here in the us and most likely available on dvd just about anywhere.)
the proposed law would prohibit any “person engaged in a business an industry a profession a trade or other enterprise in the state or a unit of state or local government” from requesting or requiring that an employee or applicant disclose any username password or other means for accessing a personal account or service through an electronic communications device.
p.s. i took these pictures at hacienda chichen where the maya still practice their rituals………seemed appropriate for the topic somehow
we don’t go to the same office or factory every day. we’ve got different gigs in different places. we rarely see each other; like ships that pass in the night. but we know who’s out there and what they’re doing. and when one person dies it’s like we’ve all… it comes close… it’s like a brother: you get used to not seeing someone but you know he’s out there so it’s okay. but now you know his “ship” ain’t come bump into your ship… he’ll never… be around again.
air france it feels good to be around you (memory tapes remix)
this post marks my last day of professional experience but to be honest my experience still continues. even though i had to do professional experience as part of my module i plan to continue looking for more because it is a really good insight into the industry. hopefully i will be able to take on an internship or apprenticeship some time in the future.
the school finance bill and the state budget bill usually move through the legislature at the same time. but hb is apparently staying in the house until lawmakers see if there is a way to provide some funding for hb the literacy bill. the senate state affairs committee will hear the literacy bill wednesday april .
when it's whipping the soup electrically up
to suddenly say “the man who will be is necessary to me cares of me.”
originally published for adults the muse thinks this classic fantasy book would make a good read for the young adult market (which did not exist back then would you believe?) despite the example above don’t expect too much in the way of actual snogging. but there’s plenty of adventure atmosphere and wonderful dragons to keep you happy and anne mccaffrey's typically strong scientific background should appeal to the more inquiring reader. if you haven’t read any of her dragonrider books yet give them a try they're the original and the best.
who’s crying now
tomorrow maplesea is breaking its limit by patch till ver .( so called ver ) i wanna see it when patch but i have school)
melissa ash
this means you should expect your year old to spill stuff tryout new words she heard someone else say pitch a fit now and again and cry when hurt in ways you no longer cry about as an adult.
we had a table booked at club fulgor for our despidida and i texted roger to tell him as i knew he would be again early.
 stiletto
what i am doing now is much more intuitive i am not giving myself fixed rules to obsess about and i am not allowing any energy to be wasted on feeling guilty. this is a particularly ‘hormonal’ week for me so i am feeling rather proud of myself for being sensible instead.
. if i had handcuffs i’d lock myself to you right now 
then there is the fact that i left a job i loved working for a wonderful montessori school to start my own in home preschool. i've been given the impression that some people in my community (who sniff out drama) think there is more to this story than there really is. that since i'm being completely open here is fricking exhausting look: people resign from their places of employment and start somewhere new every day. there is no big dramatic story to tell. if you want to know more because you care about me then ask me don't troll my blog for dirt. okay there i said it.
some good 'ol aged tasty cheddar cheese and crackers or tapas style garlic prawns would be my food match recommendation with this tasty brew.
the site then directs teens to planned parenthood saying that agency will either help them talk to parents or provide a lawyer to guide them through the judicial process.
there were a few things i liked: i liked the wolf things they scared the pee out of me literally. i liked how cute gale was i liked how cinna was portrayed very true to character. i liked effie trinket i liked the selection at the reaping (this was the only part of the movie that made me cry) i liked that i got to go with k.
me: that's easy the minivan.
this is the small fishing town (pop. less than ) of nerja. it is very picturesque & even though it has become a tourist destination it hasn't succumbed to the concrete & highrise buildings that has blighted many of the other costa del sol towns & cities. i would loved to have eaten in this lovely little restaurant but they were not open.
finally add the cumin powder and switch off the pan and cover it with lid. serve hot with rice or roti.
well that's me lately
"was that a ducati i heard?"
social security is slated to run out of money in three years earlier than expected. so maybe it's time for politicians to stop pandering when it comes to shoring up the system and instead rethink the retirement entitlement altogether. maybe we just need to look back at our history. in the early s nearly percent of americans over the age of had a job. dora costa an economic historian at ucla says people stopped working only if they were no longer physically able to. they expected to work as long as they lived. is that really such a terrible idea?
“new york plates. first part was kod and then four numbers. i can only remember the first two were a one and nine. i knew it all a while ago but i can’t remember it all.”
naturally an emergency patient isn't thinking about hospital status. however being an inpatient can mean significant savings to you. so you should ask your doctor to see that you are admitted. in addition do not hesitate to ask your insurer for assistance in appeals if you believe that the bill you received is incorrect. more at the source where there are several relevant links to medicare resources. if you or any of your family are likely to be admitted to a hospital it may be financially very important to you to understand the difference between "observation care" and "admission." i think understanding the details isn't necessary just knowing that sleeping overnight in the hospital doesn't necessarily mean you're an "inpatient."
“ready peeled ionized bananas” to preserve the sweetness of the bananas they are peeled and after going through a safe ionisation process the bananas will be packed in a special container (non polystyrene) to reduce carbon foot prints. “phoenix ionised bananas sweet bananas”
heat mustard oil and let it come to smoking pointswitch off the heat and add crushed garlic and add it to chokha.
thank you to everyone who left a comment about the hp photosmart wireless printer here's the random winner.....
south salt lake a thief made a fool of himself last weekend on surveillance cameras while trying to steal cash from a salt lake area convenience store authorities said.
not the compromises and shortfalls
‘son of man’ is one of the titles of the messiah which comes from daniel :. jesus used this title often to assert his divinity.
they speak to me
sebastian gorki new york n.y.
their awful folds in the dark air: silent she stood as night;
 cup low fat small curd cottage cheese
samson loved her in a way that no one else could. he never disappointed her never took her for granted never demanded anything more than her time and tummy rubs. sophie broke off her relationship with her boyfriend and stopped going out for drinks with her friends. she had few visitors; samson made people uncomfortable everyone but sophie.
regular readers will be familiar with the fact that i am a adaydan in smokedo. i still continue to practise the arcane art of smoking while i do weights and pressups et al. now a recycled elephant is in on the action. discerning viewers will note the subtle touch of using a match with the tip painted red for a marlboro.
instead of a walk this morning we decided to go watch some of the older age groups play up at crigglestone – a walk would definately have been the warmer option – summer rugby – who are they kidding – it was warmer in november on the plus side watching the rugby meant more practise with my camera – pictures i’ve taken this weekend got some cracking shots even if i do say so myself and some bleeding awful ones – still practise makes perfect. trouble is i think some people are starting to get a little bit sick of me taking random photos when they least expect – but they’re the best ones to take. they’ll thank me when i’m famous and photos of them are on show for all to see (a girl can dream)
of couse the poll starts today october . anyone can vote so the more ‘fans’ those fansites have the more chances of winning this polling game. the official winner will be based on the total number of votes on the official poll placed below. (just that.. and oh leejaedi productions isn’t bias. so all nominees will receive fair* treatment *as fair as possible) and polling ends december and the winner will be announced on january . (what a good new year will that fansite have eh?)
crazy under :
gallery a
what does worklife balance mean to you? to me it means setting boundaries. yes sometimes i will work late. no i will not work late every night. (etc. etc.)
more photos of the garden i'm leaving behind this time of the quiet little corners planted with a variety of stalwarts with diverse attributes. herbaceous perennials most of them whose charms need to be appreciated at just the right time as they tend to pop up bloom and then either just contribute their green foliage or in some cases fade discreetly away. and i'm afraid that none of these shots do them justice although clicking to enlarge will give you a better sense of what i'm trying to remember as we pack up to leave for a month.
 the fact that i even have the opportunity to go to school
saameira: wait. look there’s a shadow and it’s moving towards the flea market
here's the idea that i have....would you be interested in taking a look at picture's of my living room dining room and kitchen (all attached to this email) and giving me some humble pie ideas? :) i would do practically anything you suggested (given it is within my budget) we work with three hundred college students a week...a few of which would be willing to help paint if need be.
a couple of kilnfiring days later and i had my finished product. i'm not thrilled with it but i think it will do for a first attempt. i hope to get into some more complex layers and designs with my next efforts.
so far i’ve managed to adjust to the metro pretty easily its much simpler to understand than london’s underground as there are only transfer (prestrup in czech) stations on the entire network and only lines. this means that the informational design and signage on platforms is so simple that you often find yourself wondering if you’re heading the wrong way having acquired a long term pass (these weren’t advertised but a guy from vuste envis called igor hooked us up with a month pass for kr which is just over £) we now haven’t got to worry about having pockets full of koruna for the change machines as this was seriously holding us up in the first day or two. the stations are much more minimalist in their design and decor when you compare them with somewhere on london’s underground which are often decked in elaborate illustrations. the shot below is a typical tube tunnel wall that you see from the platforms.
so why do the good folk of this world think that writers singers actors painters sketchartists magicians even bloody mimists will at the drop of a hat perform freely.
bldgblog: finally have you ever considered working outside the genre of critical nonfiction and – in an almost ridley scottlike way – directing a film or writing a novel?
you do not have to use sweet 'n sassy stamps images to play along but we sure love when you do :).
* pay off visa bill completley
another great thing about toreba is that you will get to change the camera while you are playing so that you can position the claw properly. thus giving you the entire crane game experience from the comfort of your own home. be sure to check out the images below to see if you are interested in any of the prizes.
obviously any new development requires some resourcing even one as minimal as this. but cost is a poor excuse for doing nothing. it does not cost much to post a file to a blog as patlit and the ipkat demonstrate. charged appropriately it could even cover its own costs. it is exactly the sort of project that an institute like ibil might take on as a pilot scheme. with the arrival of an advocate for open justice like sir robin jacob fresh from the patents court and court of appeal ibil would in fact be the perfect vehicle for demonstrating a uk pilot scheme of open justice on the web.
poopy (which he will now say during diaper changes ha ha)
good morning all.its a horrid day today lashing it down with rain so i`m hoping it stops before its time for work.already got soaked once taking my son to school.
companies involved in diphtheria therapeutics development 
most bay area counties reflected the state's shifting numbers alameda county for example dropped from percent white to percent while showing spikes in hispanic asian and multirace categories.
if you are interested in specific information about jefferson's agricultural successes and failures at monticello you should read thomas jefferson's garden book. it's a compilation of his horticultural diaries letters and sketches. probably more info than you ever wanted to know about the principal author of the declaration of independence and third president of the united states. for example you'll read in his own words about his love of sweat peas his favorite veggie. random but true.
(crosstalk) and that’s what happened when i went…
there’s this one time where you have to loosen the straps on a minotaur head hanging over your victim’s favourite chair while he’s sitting in it. another time is where you have to kill everyone in the sanctuary you’ve gotten so many quests in and i discovered the fantastic way of killing with poisoned apples. yet another time you get to kill a retired imperial officer who’s taking a swim with a special arrow and later put his severed finger+ring into his successor’s desk.
barn red desert sand & black ink
mostly enjoy it. it’s so easy to get hung up on the whole business side of writing. if you enjoy writing your reader will know because it will be seamless.
schabas re. mass influenza vaccination in ontario: a sensible move. jamc ; : pp.
you squeeze it like blood from your tenants.
by allan fish
then last night after she had been out for over an hour over an hour without whining which is a record for her because she usually wants to come in five minutes after i've put her out because it's cold or there's a dog barking or someone is running a lawnmower or she has to use the litterbox she started the whine of triumph. it's the whine she gives when she has something in her mouth that she wants me to admire.
personality thinking of rest rooms (bagman) but what do people in
painted it with tombows cut it out and layered it
what most people in south africa remain oblivious to are the millions upon millions illegal immigrant africans living in europe. go to any big european city and you'll see desperate black africans trying to sell items of fake goods or whatever else that could possibly get them money to send back home. the mediterranean sea has thousands of africans per week crossing over to seek better prospects in europe. i predict that we're to see all south africans following the same path unless we start dealing with these issues pragmatically we have standing thanks to extremists like malema.
it shouldn't surprise you that the schools that were disrupted by striking black teachers were majority white schools. these thug "teachers" decided to break into schools which were trying to do their job and to slap around some teachers and scare the kids. nice this is what south africa has been reduced to when these blacks aren't happy with their lot in life they strike and destroy. i'm still waiting for the condemnation from the anc government about this thuggery and the moral deficiency from the "teachers" the same people charged with educating the youth. if this had happened during apartheid and to black kids there would have been international outrage and sanctions
we're communists
this one was difficult. not necessarily because i have read many series but because i could not decide between the only two series that came to mind. both are charming refreshing funny and smart. and oh soooo different.
hanny the coffee bean
she goes to finos :
don’t be afraid to give this a try i have had many people try these and say they don’t like liver but they do enjoy these as the consistency and smoothness is more a pate and very mild if any liver flavor at all.
i was really glad to see apollo performance have a successful weekend with their subaru wrx. the last time i saw them run luck wasn’t on their side and battled through a few issues. this time the car looked to run real good allowing clint boisdeau to run the third fastest street class time and win the street awd class with an :..
“the whole purpose of the social host ordinance was to curb problems we see in st. cloud and specifically on the south side” sgt. jeff oxten of the st. cloud police department said. “the ordinances were geared at giving us an extra tool to help curb some of the things like underage drinking and the problems that go along with it.”
carabao shows are always sold out. they play the largest stadiums in thailand and have made intercontinental trips to play festivals in the states switzerland the uk and germany. it helps that these places have rather large thai expat numbers but even so it’s still pretty impressive considering the type of music they play and where they come from. their shows in bangkok are always madness with audiences out of their seats bopping away thai style (thai bopping is something that can’t be explained you just need to see it to understand).
okay let's be blunt: the final scene doesn't even exist and the last chapter leading up to the final scene has absolutely nothing going on.
a new music to your soul
i’ve never attempted “the act or process of reconsidering and changing or modifying” like this before. sure i’ve written a book halfway scrapped it and started over. but that’s one book during a single sitting as it were. this is several books to be condensed into one in three parts long after i’ve moved on to countless other projects. it’s an odd combination of familiar and alien territory.
this whole discussion sends my mind back to one of my favorite economics jokes surprisingly enough courtesy of jim henson’s famed muppets. in the opening scenes muppet christmas carol gonzo (in the role of the earnest bob cratchet) chides rizzo the rat for eating the wares for sale in his apple cart. rizzo’s classic response “i’m creating scarcity…drives the price up.” (if you’re too impatient just skip to the : mark.) i guess what was true in this victorianera flashback remains true today.
it was a really great week everything but flashlight was one trip to one store i only went to one other store this week and all i got there was the flashlight
– which takes place in june this year – where world leaders will (it is hoped) seize the opportunity to set human development on a new more sustainable path.
i recently had my first trip to las vegas and it was definitely interesting i've been wanting to go for so long and never had the opportunity. my husband has to go there frequently for business so he doesn't see it as a vacation spot. since it was an elusive destination for me it obviously becomes more enticing. my husband once read a quiz to me: "what is your dream vacation? a. an island retreat b. european tour c. weekend in las vegas". he was surprised when i said las vegas. of course i would've said europe but i pointed out las vegas because i hadn't been there yet
makes me fucking sick to the stomach knowing these amazing creatures are so traumatised from beatings which will go on until they pass this earth bound plane. for them i wish it would come sooner & free them from their lives of pure misery.
:pm finish up the bread sauce and make the gravy.
looking at the options listed above i would definitely say the cars wing is stalling. with little to be gained from drag reduction the stalline is most likley to create another effect on the chassis.
designed to protect both crowdfunders (people pledging or investing capital) and fundraisers (people raising capital) the caps program’s mission is to foster the sustainable growth of the crowdfunding industry to provide much needed capital for projects and initiatives startups and small businesses.
in this article prof. desiraju laments at the slow progress of indian science; on how india has not produced a single nobel laureate since c. v. raman on how there have been no radical breakthroughs to ‘rival the telephone’ and how india lacks any postdoctoral system worth its name. he reasons that lack of funding is only one of the problems and definitely not the core problem facing indian science. the core problems according to prof. desiraju are a feudal mindset lack of dissent and lack of institutional autonomy.
your fit body will look awesome in your new lulu’s
~hotel and race details directions
the soft cashmire rug under my foot
leyland kirby – not as she is now but as she appears in my dreams
“wha?” she said.
i read a study about children of the digital age. some psychologists theorize that they have an inflated sense of selfimage because all the "bad" pictures are deleted and they don't end up with the class pictures with the goofy grins or one eye closed. do you keep all the digital pics of your kids or do you delete the "bad" ones?? the study said that the children of the 's (our age) have a more realistic sense of self image because we know we can look goofy sometimes and we've grown from that. whaddya think?
when the bell began to ring
) you may rest your arms by heaving your giant heap of clothes onto a section of rack you are not looking at.
you still have time to partake in vicky archers
anne was the mixologist for the evening and created these ecto cooler looking martinis that were soo yummy.
and secondly more often than not there are casualties lying on the ground in front of the mailbox.
our round earth seems so large. but if you slice it into equal pieces only one piece represents the amount of fertile land that we had available for food production when we went to rio in .
as the reading guide on oprah.com states the story is largely concerned with maya's experiences as a black mother. she says "the black mother perceives destruction at every door ruination at each window and even she herself is not beyond her own suspicion" (pp. ). as is often the theme in these oprahy selections being a mother is of course next to godliness maya is suspicious of the white woman shelley winters but decides to trust her because "she was a mother just like me looking after her child" (p. ). of course being a mother does not mean one is inherently good or trustworthy i have heard some most despicable cases of child abuse perpetrated by "mothers" for example. nothing makes one good or bad not skin colour not gender not whether they have given birth but their actions and thoughts alone.
“companies are already feeling the squeeze. it gives them the incentive to upgrade their productivity and to develop a singaporean core in their companies (and these are) people who will form the longterm skills the longterm loyalty and longterm capability for the companies and singapore.”
kids have none of these. no life perspective so no understanding that life doesn't have to be abusive. no network or comprehension of resources so no way out. very little legal standing without advocacy so no voice. in short no options other than to stay where they are and accept it or try to run away with whatever little resources they have.
the black and white circular lines make this illusion seem as if there are various depths in the image creating different entryways and tunnels. photo courtesy of paco calvino
no one cared. and really it’s silly of me to expect them to.
are you considering becoming a real estate salesperson in singapore? do you want to venture into the property market and deal with real estate? do you want to explore a new career option? if your answer is “yes” to any of these questions then you will need to know two essential things about joining the real estate industry – (a) how much does it costs to enter the industry and (b) how long does it take to become certified salesperson.
yes that would be those annoying agencies that actually sell books to publishers.
congratulations to them both....xxxx
only months into this blogging challenge and the recipes have already made me rethink my prejudice towards salads. i’ve never been a fan of salad being forced to eat bland salad as child which consisted of soggy lettuce cucumber (which i hate) and raw tomatoes (which i also hate) has left me with a dislike for them that until very very recently seemed like it would be impossible to ever change. well hell hath frozen over it would seem the sticky chicken and mango salad had started to win me round to the way of the salad and after the salad i made the other day i am now truly a convert. but only if the ingredients are fresh and zingy with plenty of flavour otherwise it may as well be the soggy salad of my childhood. i cooked this recipe a few days ago and it’s americanstyle seared chicken salad from ainsleys friends and family cookbook and is a variation on the classic caesar salad. i know you may be thinking “ainsley harriott really?” but do not judge his cookery skills on the fact that he may be the cheesiest chef nay man on television. the recipes in this book are really very good and cover a wide scope of good home cooked meals and everything i’ve cooked from it has been lovely. my aunty had this cookbook and after flicking through it last year i decided i needed a copy too otherwise had i not seen it i too would never have thought about an ainsley book.
this is similar to the stoic notion of nature which for them was not only order but the force which creates all which for them was not only the embodiment of logos but also the sacred fire which provided energy for all. this helps us get a sense of why the good is not for these thinkers something otherworldly but rather the best of what is wordly that which created it and pushes it forward that which gives us life in the first place even as it leads to its possibility for bettering. reason or nature wasn’t merely the all but the pull within the all towards the best it could be a pull which was stronger in some aspects of the world than others. for stoics our duty is to come into sync with this and happiness would result. for the epicureans we should aim for happiness but this will only come about when we understand our place in the whole.
some friends of mine are moving out of their first home.
mh: thanks for joining us today. what has mark "the hair" charan newton been up to lately?
for mourinho this represented a milestone too. the coach has now won the league title in portugal england italy and spain. he is not the first coach to do so as is often believed. ernst happel and the current ireland coach giovanni trapattoni also won the title in four different countries – holland bel gium germany and austria in happel’s case italy germany portugal and austria in trapattoni’s. the croatian coach tomislav ivic won the yugoslav dutch belgian greek portuguese and french league titles. but it remains an astonishing record. he was signed to beat barcelona. mission accomplished. read more
to how you define
but there were still so many things that drove me nuts. i added crown to the room this year and i had to end it by the molding over the fireplace. i hate the weird stop – but i’ve not found a better way to do it. and i realized a few months ago that part of the reason the fireplace looked weird to me was because it was so top heavy – big on top little on bottom.
i think he stood at his bathroom mirror as he shaved one morning and said those words because he realized that he was forgetting the most important part of being alive.
. go into other people’s worlds and websites
i’ve been on a video game kick lately ever since went to the sony centre to see some classic final fantasy music performed by an orchestra. well before this (it was march ) i had come across an article on the globe and mail by chad sapieha (i might have that name spelled wrong) about the latest installation at the smithsonian exploring the idea of video games as art and i was entranced. it’s something i’ve argued for many years that video games are the epitome of artistic convergence and finally it was being extolled by more than just the sidestream media. i had however forgotten that i’m different than most gamers i like a very very select few games and regard the majority of them as trash. i should have been reminded of my childhood years spent tracking when the old electric playground was on to get a brief minute glimpse into the world of video games hosted by tommy tallerico — whom i thought at the time exemplified hollywood douchebag. i should have remembered watching the show in horror as they featured the most inane bunch of games that were around those days. rarely anything i was interested in was ever given more than a token mention and worse when they were nothing but good things were said which is to say that all i was being told was what i wanted to hear…nothing new.
overtaking chance: low
the cute girl in the photo with david is sara davies.
“good afternoon” she chirped “how’s the sail holding up?”
that. where i once stood.
i was in some pain but it's nothing compared to having my tubes removed. i found my big comfy chair watched crappy tv and rested. it was great travis brought me a pumpkin pie from costco and that was just wonderful i also made a huge crockpot of soup i mean huge i'll be freezing it bringing it to work and eating it for weeks
add cup roasted eggplant to the food processor also.
if you look closely you'll see a current resident has affixed a "stop atlantic yards" sign to the door.
strokes suck. they take away the person you knew and replace them with someone who may or may not remember you (thankfully she does know who we are) and it damages their brains and body. i can't even imagine going from % independent and living alone to having to be in a long term careursing home by myself and unable to function by myself. having to relearn to swallow chew drink eat speak and even walk in some cases has to be mentally emotionally and physically exhausting. i know for me it is and i have the easy side of this. however anyone who has been a caregiver knows this its not so easy either.
david bowie sent a letter to the committee of rock and roll hall of fame recommending that mick ronson should be inducted. unfortunately seeing that the hall doesn’t have good enough taste to induct the cure rush and many others we may have a long wait.
to show
"let's make a toad house" i said to lizzie and "yeah" was her immediate enthusiastic reply. i rummaged through a pile of old clay pots found a hammer and we smashed a side off each pot and had instant toad homes.
his wife she's that wife that decorates on the th of july
i used ccr and imagine hopscotch for the background and create a critter for the title and dino. the dino is on a wobble she loved it oh yea and the hat is a banner from imagine yummy i flipped and added some glitter stars she's only 
the deluxe model also features an interior light a motion alarm in case someone tries to move it and low battery indicator. ours is also bolted in place. if someone tries to randomly enter access codes it automatically deactivates the keypadoperated lock for a specified amount of time.
read more at new left review magazine march – april 
i love new york i had the opportunity to go to the circle of sister event at the jacob javist convention center in new york city. circle of sisters is new york’s largest expo for women of color and hosts a variety of speakers authors seminars inspirational services r&b and gospels concert in addition to the more than vendors and companies selling unique items and services. this is the eighth year of the event and experienced recordbreaking success last year which was over attendance the expo is has exciting things to do such as fabulous shopping a fascinating fashion show and sumptuous food tasting with some of today’s top chefs at the food pavilion area. i had a chance to see leaning artistic cakes and sexy male fashion models.
“i thought ‘what kind of game is this?’ ” ms. james said while picking at trash at the house now so worthless the city plans to demolish it — another bill for which she will be liable.
i’ve already raved about the arbor pronouncing it to be one of two winners of my own la jefita awards for the best femaledirected film of . so you’ll excuse me for puffing this one again — it’s just so good. it’s ostensibly a biography of andrea dunbar a precociously gifted young playwright who emerged from a miserable housing estate in yorkshire rife with the diseases that often accompany poverty — racism alcoholism mutual misery. her plays recreated those voices and conflicts and was called “a genius straight from the slums.” meanwhile dunbar never escaped that world: she died at age in a pub after a hard life of drinking bad relationships with three children born to three different men.
“they always admit their mistakes” he said. “they burn our koran and then they apologize. you can’t just disrespect our holy book and kill our innocent children and make a small apology.”
prediction six: at least one of the last candidates standing in leith isn’t going to make quota.
i suggest the real reason more doctors don’t do late abortions is that there are very few doctors who can bring themselves to kill and then dismember what for all intents and purposes is quite obviously a baby.
handel vs. barnes 
english can create a bond between people but it can also bring about class division and social hierarchy. english is perceived to be the language of intellectuals. one doesn’t become smart if one speaks english but somehow filipinos associate english speakers with intelligence. maybe it’s because scientists politicians economists and the like speak in english. or maybe it’s because of the telanovellas. the actors on tv speak filipino but they burst into english when they need to say something “profound.” jericho rosales would be like mahal na mahal kita di mo ba yon naiintindihan? tson’t you know tsat lab is[] (insert profound english sentences here).
* tv
my husband struggled to get the bike down but he did and in one piece. i took it for a spin and it felt way more comfortable than the other one. the seat even had springs to cushion my bouncing butt and i was happy to discover that now you don't even need a wrench to adjust the height i liked the colors and even the faux wood trim. it reminded me of pee wee herman's bike. sold here she is she's a beauty isn't she?
as usual there's plenty to do on this snowy weekend but i'm starting a barrage of calendar posts with a special event: crown writes: a local literary talent showcase on saturday night at launchpad. organized by crown heights writer extraordinaire victoria cho who has appeared at the franklin park reading series and leads the crown heights writing workshop the event will feature four alumni of the workshop sharing a mix of fiction and nonfiction. yours truly will be reading can't reveal exactly what but if you like you what you read in this space you'll most probably enjoy it.
the only thing that would have made drinking this beer more enjoyable would have been consuming it at the brewery enjoying a plate of farmtothetable plate cuisine with old friends and a perhaps few new ones. so do yourself a favor go down to your local farmers market pick up some inproduce call up some friends and pick up a bottle or two of this beer from your local craft beer vendor. cook open and enjoy.
it is the end of the year for me. which translates into busy. now i am also down a computer seems that my beloved son and a dvd got caught in the dvd player of the laptop. have no fear apple fixed it and i have to pick it tomorrow.
i bought it on the qutieland website. i've heard that qutieland is a good shipping service site but that it's a little bit expensive. i've never tried any other shipping service yet so i can't really tell the difference. i live in canada and their shipping fee is almost always around $. i've paid the jsk about $ which is so cheap compared to the original but they do warn us that the quality might not be very great.
soon a huge egg is discovered floating just off the coast. a group of locol villagers manage to retrive it and bring it ashore so that they can claim it as their property. it is their hope that the egg will somehow bring them prosperity.
i put it in the garage as i thought it too ugly to look at and needed time to think about colours.
her drying combinations touched by the sun’s last rays
you may have noticed that i have a frog sitting on the lid of my ort's jar. the other day i was in the red dot store (type of $ shop) and i spotted a key ring with a frog on it for $ so i bought it.... once i had removed the hook from his head i attached him to the ort's lid with velcro and now i have a guardian of the "frogs" in the ort's jar.
 cups popcorn (i used airpopped popcorn. beth uses "natural" flavor microwave popcorn.)
lakesha
copy editors writing headlines for the web should go beyond writing the clear catchy headlines that appear in print editions. online headlines should be nounheavy so that when the average reader is searching for information such as “obama puppy” on a search engine like google they are directed to the newspaper’s web site.
the length and width of the gusset is something i always just guess at. basically you want it to be as big as it needs to be to get the job done but not much bigger than that because the larger it is the more it might show. sometimes i'll simply go ahead and attach the sleeve before a fitting but leave about " under the armpit unattached and then i'll decide in the fitting how long and how wide i want the gusset to be.
okay fellow babies here's a halloween quickie for you
to wrap up the last few weeks i'll bullet:
the phenomenal success of a ”crazy idea” by a stanford university professor sebastian thrun to open free online enrolments in his artificial intelligence course has pundits sounding the death knell for higher education as we know it.
i'm speaking on the sunday morning i believe.
whoa so i thought i would get back to blogging but wow so much has happened lately. the hubby has been on several training courses we went to las vegas and had the most wonderful time took a trip to tx and al to visit family over spring break and more
but last weekend we discovered that he had no problem using karen's small point and shoot nikon.
garlic this is a great remedy for colds or stomach bugs. throw in some ginger and you have a winning combination. the last time i got a cold which was over years ago it only lasted one day. i felt a cold coming on so i sat in my chair drinking ginger tea with honey all afternoon. it was a saturday after soccer. that night i made my shrimp with three gingers and garlic for dinner. i think i put some extra garlic and ginger in that time. i woke up with my cold gone.
missy d graduated from preschool today only one more child to go through preschool and i can call that phase done
artist are not charged to display their work and can sell the work if they so wish. a percentage of the sales of displayed artwork goes to benefit the retreat.
within the dreamwalls echo waiting
o that we need not wait too long
my name's kenneth rathburn and i'm a soontograduate student at the university of central florida (ucf) majoring with a bachelor of art's in english with a track in creative writing (minor undeclared). i also have an associate of arts in journalism which i obtained upon graduating from indian river state college (irsc). i am years old currently unemployed and until i graduate a fulltime student. i previously worked for the website talkxbox for years writing reviews columns and editorials for videogames. i also occasionally blog on gamespot.com in addition to writing reviews on amazon and sputnikmusic.com. between my choice of majors and experience in writing it's probably clear that i like to write and share my opinion. it is currently my goal to have a career in providing reviews for a number of things including videogames (heavy metal) albums electronics food drinks and anything else that i feel warrants evaluation that someone might want an opinion on. in particular however my passion lies with reviewing and talking about films. even though i'm aspiring towards a field in reviewingriting i've recently found interest in acting since i have a tendency to quote and impersonate movies several times. for my wordpress profile quote reviews my goal is to provide quick yet informative reviews for any of the aforementioned items and subjectshence the "quick and quoted" slogan. i've always been one to delve into lengthy detail about whatever i talk about but this wordpress profile is my way to aspire towards getting out what needs to be said. if you just need a quick verdict about whether or not something is for you then it's my goal to provide that to you and for each film review i provide a quote from the movie that i feel sums it up about as accurately as possible.
my dad sister grandpa grandma two neighbors (who were on their tractors farming saw the commotion and came to help); we searched for minutes if not more.
geej: mommy can you turn it down.
it comes up like a couple more times and… just never gets explained. maybe something about mana inside her? there’s nothing there barely even a handwave explanation. inori having this psycho other self barely even becomes a plot point so why is it even fucking there?
"in a progressive country change is constant; and the great question is not whether you should resist change which is inevitable but whether that change should be carried out in deference to the manners the customs the laws and the traditions of a people or whether it should be carried out in deference to abstract principles and arbitrary and general doctrines".
. sink or swim by stacy juba after starring on a hit game show set aboard a tall ship personal trainer cassidy novak discovers that she has attracted a stalker. can she trust zach gallagher the gorgeous newspaper photographer assigned to follow her for a local series?
now if you kids are like mine and you tried the usual pleading or threats to get them to eat their dinner and that hasn't worked i have the perfect bribe er um reward. i am totally not above bribing um rewarding my kiddos to get them to do what i ask. everyone loves a reward right?
 the election takes place on the nd day of the agm starting at am.
i read the other day evoking many memories that the great publisher barney rosset had died aged and reflected on what adventures and enterprises those years had yielded. with his admirable grove press he brought out among other daring coups lady chatterley’s lover tropic of cancer waiting for godot story of o and on film i am curious (yellow) which entailed many law suits and other battles with puritanical censors and craven exhibitors all of which and more rosset triumphantly won. he achieved free speech for literature and cinema in america for all time to come.
 come in give a short presentation about your company to students
here is his explanation of how he was watching out for his fourteenyearold modelaughter:
by the late s it was already overcrowded and in the city council approached andrew carnegie about funding a new library which he duly agreed to helping fund the building that today is the carnegie centre (and still a branch of the city library).
there are so many ways we can help others if we look around where we live. and sometimes we find ways of helping that is just so much fun i encourage you to see if there are ways you can help out hurting needy people in a way that is not work to you but just fun
here is how the short conversation took place.
charles stared round the sitting room of the lodgings he had occupied since he’d come to lisbon four years ago. papers overflowing the writing desk. books crowded on the bookshelves that lined three walls (two of which he’d purchased after he moved in) and stacked on the floor and nearly every available surface. one comfortable frayed tapestry wingback chair by the fireplace. a door leading to the adjoining bedchamber also crowded with books but with little else to give it a personal stamp.
i couldn’t fit this into one scan but if you look carefully you can piece together the composition with beauty sitting at the table and the beast lurking just around the corner. the provensens have used the gutter between the pages to emphasize the corner in the image. the images aren’t merely frightening they are brilliant and frightening. the hands of the beast are huge and clawed yet they hang awkwardly giving you the idea that in an unfortunate fumbling manner they might accidentally rip your arm off.
nick sometimes regrets his choice of quitting in high school but then remembers the new doors that opened up upon the change. he began to play his guitar more and was even part of a band in high school for a bit. he met a girl who he went on to date for almost five years. and he no longer had to make sacrifices for something he was no longer passionate about.
the normal settings fоr а computer uѕing аn operating system thаt is popular include the hard drive space nееds to bе sufficient. the space fоr thіs normal requirement is twenty fіve gigabytes оf space. it is the ѕаmе vаluе for hard drive storage space requirements.
.chocolate chips : cup(i used hershey)
while housefull and jaane kahan se aayi hai are waiting to happen riteish already has a two hero film closer home. come th june and de taali where he shares screen space with aftab shivdasani would hit the screens.
so this coming monday is the old guy's birthday and along with the non alcoholic celebrations that will enliven the commando hq in dundee's albert square there s a special of the comic (no ) going under the title of the misfit squad which has been specially written for this momentous occasion and long time commando afficionados will have a lot of fun spotting some of the more cyptic references contained within the story.
he was very friendly and easy to talk to. i know everyone has varied opinions on him but he really impressed me. i asked him about the tour de mount blanc last weekend he ran in and he really went into a lot of detail about the race and how much different the european races are. i was really amazed by the way he looked. i knew he was cut but seeing him in person was different. it really inspired me to get my diet back to the way it was when i started running which i have started doing since that day.
who’s my neighbor i’m your neighbor.
i readily admit i have no idea what these schools were like at this time but this assembly and witchhunt over an article about admitting women seems melodramatic. also another scene that depends on a really long extension cord.
then i heard a familiar voice coming from around the corner.
“many local operas may also die out as they are developed from dialects” ding chongming a professor with the college of chinese language and culture of beijing normal university said.
hey is any one else confused about this new blogger interface i can't figure it out
when we do ministry god’s way we are better for it and so are our people.
overall i think suspicion would be a pretty awesome book for those who like stories about
ignoring that message ever since.
this was another busy week and i really liked the way the two pages came together lots of bright colors and lots of the "everyday" documented". above is a photo of both pages together with the x journaling insert (it's a cathy zielske template from designer digitals). below is a closer look at that (i'm not sure if you can actually read it but if you click on the photo you might be able to if you care about the nitty gritty of our week). the highlights of the week were the superbowl and booking our disneyland vacation package (which actually happens next week yay).
how was that possible that in all the years of aerosmith’s success the frontman had never been to one of the famous halloween parties or a midsummer night’s dream? “i was too busy in someone’s bathroom getting high” tyler told rolling stone. “i was too busy on tour i was too busy writing songs. we were just busy.”
district 
i started at the top and scanned all the way down to the bottom. and there at the very bottom of the cart were four copies of tgofat. me being the big tgofat fan that i am needed to see the new cover in person. i read the arc which had a totally different cover. i needed to see the hardcoverthe new coverso i tried to wiggle the books out from the bottom of the very tall stack. however i didn’t realize how iffy those carts are and in ultraslow motion it rocked backward. i reached for it but it was too late. the cart tipped back and crashed onto the floor. thirty or so books went flying all over the aisle. it was loud. i actually shushed myself immediately after it happened. the five teens sitting at a table ten feet away all giggled and stared at me as i apologized and frantically tried to right the book cart dolly and stack up all the books again.
soldiers have been deployed to drive fuel trucks.
pilm: that is some great advice. anything you’d like to add?
the seeds of death was among the first ten or so novelisations i borrowed from the library when i first got into doctor who back in . and then to my delight it turned out that my parents had bought me the video that christmas. i was both surprised and delighted when i unwrapped it back in xmas . oh memories aren't they sweet? the bbc video had not remastered the original recording so the sound and picture got a bit jittery towards the end. in my childhood innocence i thought this was my fault because i paused the video too many times.
on day i was in nyc for the band trip and only managed to squeeze out the words between hotel and bus (plus a couple of sentences at the cornell club).
on a lighter note…it’s fourth of july weekend yay as i write this i already feel the anxiety as to how much i am going to eat and what it is i will eat.
these crunchy dipping cookies are spiced with loads (i'm not kidding when i say "loads") of cardamom ginger and cinnamon. in short they are chiwarming to say the least. their nutty flavor is enhanced by almond meal as well as crunchy almonds. i really enjoy them with hot tea because they stay crunchy. you also could serve them with frozen desserts (especially some rich and decadent homemade nondairy vanilla cream).
¼ cup granulated sugar
we got in there and we noticed the other attraction about taco mac the cougaring. a few seasoned sistas that went to my undergrad were hollering at my boy so he struck up convo with them and we joined them at their table. they told me that i was suspect as i was wearing an extramedium affliction shirt. in houston brothas with some muscle on their frames can wear extra mediums with no big deal but in atlanta they'll think you're batting for the other side.
to dance wide skirts going round and round cymbals
respondent’s asseveration that he waited for the complainant to provide him with details of the compromise agreement but the latter failed to come does not inspire belief in the face of the denials made by the complainant. not even a piece of paper or letter requesting the complainant to provide him with the details of the agreement was presented to substantiate such allegation.
our sweet neighbor is doing a neighborhood easter egg hunt for all of the kid’s in the surrounding block. prior to my adoption prior to the earthquake prior to them coming home this was the stuff of which my adoption daydreams set their stars.
“there is an element of risk to everything especially when it comes to fulfilling your desires and creating happiness. do not let the fear of taking these risks hold you back from manifesting. simply ask for my help when the fear becomes too great. i can show you the easiest path to achieving your goals once it is requested of me. it is a small thing for me to help you clear the way to easily achieving what you desire and i am happy to do so with love in my heart for you.” – archangel michael
"if i don't leave soon we'll be seeing the sun come up" she said as she pushed his hand away.
there's one flower and two banners from tim holtz dies too. after cutting out the shapes i slightly mold them with a curved object (usually anything i can find on my messy desk). i also used webster's pages netting and letters pink tissue paper some old collage press paper and little yellow bicycle paper ribbon.
while these guys are living their life and defeating one challenge after another there is a different group of people – they are the ones who are stuck and stuck for good. most of the time you don’t have to ask them how they are doing they will tell it to you themselves but if you do ask – be prepared – all that you will hear will be excuses only. and the reason is simple – these people they do have goals dreams but they have the wrong ones – they dream about something that is special to someone else but not them. this is where the problem is if you dream about something that is totally not important for you you will be stuck at the starting point. why? well because that dream might be incredible and good looking for someone but if it’s ugly for you – there will be no motivation behind it and this is how your drive will be lost. you will be looking for excuses how to not progress in this field instead of looking for a way how to reach it.
born in northern canada angela grew up on the canadian prairies amid dreams of becoming the next dian fossey or a world famous flight attendant. those however were never meant to be. instead she moved to texas and then eventually beautiful colorado where she divides her time between her family writing and her other job teaching.
tenebre ()
but only you can choose
a: each time a student speaks the judge awards the student between and points (the higher the better). so if a student speaks four times in one day with the following scores: (in this example there is only one judge) those four are added ( in this example) and that is the point total reported for the student (up to five speeches and points per day). make sure to check the box “official scorer”.
 forth
 the challenge of living truthfully.
before we get to the challenge here's something really cool....
) if you're pale like me do wear a bit of blusher and definitely some lippy
) yg in the blueberry patch.
tryndamere: oh yeah? like what?
as i mentioned in my last post i had a birthday this week. since hubby is away working in africa i spent the day with the girls and as was the last day of the school holidays i ditched work and we just got to hang out together.
palate: just excellent tons of big beautifully integrated spices creamy nuttiness nougat and malty goodness. no need for water with this one as it's perfectly drinkable neat.
this saturday please join us from to pm at studios ( n i) for our february beer social. we will have all of the elements that make our beer socials great live music great beer and good conversation. this month we're also adding a "home brewers' corner" and we invite all home brewers to share the fruits of their labor with fellow brewing enthusiasts.
we just arrived to the hotel.. we were watching the view from our room.. it was just so perfect.. i needed to have you.. i looked into your eyes and knew what i wanted.. you wanted the same so you answered with your hand running down to feel my bulge through my pants.
whose attentions you’ll quickly spurn.
for example you may be looking for coverage for a commercial roofer inmichiganwith a high loss ratio. it is likely a wholesaler or mga would simply list “commercial roofer” as a product or eligible class on one part of the site. they may address state eligibility and loss history elsewhere on the site or on the apps. as such using just the words “commercial roofer” would yield more results than the words “commercial inmichiganwith losses” strung together.
today i visited hobby lobby where easter goodies are % off. the only thing i paid full price for was for a brownie baking pan. bought wilton's gold pan. i enjoyed the hunt for bargains and left feeling satisfied that i bought large plastic eggs in pastel colors for little of nuthin'
stripped of hope that her health would be restored deprived of dreams for her future dependent upon others for meals and much of her care my mother still honored her need–with dignity and creativity–to gift those she loved. living a completely circumscribed and regulated life she was able to delight us with surprise. those with infinite expectations of the dawn will encounter obstacles along the way but the point as thoreau says is to stay awake and look for the surprising opportunities and blessings that always appear.
lucy monroe's "who's been sleeping in my brother's bed" starts us off. danusia has a little trouble at her apartment that requires getting a new door. instead of getting a hotel room she packs up her thesis research and heads to her brother's empty apartment.
sometimes ethical. cases for unethicality: you know the prostitute is a sex slave (trafficked) you are violating the trust of a significant other. but if the prostitute is a worker and you have no relational obligations to *not* pay for sex services—ethical.
obama: catchy isn't it?
and in the closing of some glorious day
chicken cheese and leek jalousie
from this that he gave them nothing more than bread and fish and that he set this equally before all he taught them moderation frugality and that charity by which they should have all things in common. this he also taught them in the place in making them sit down upon the grass; for he sought not to feed the body only but to instruct the mind.
lasagna
there has been so much going on and you just continue to grow up so fast it's starting to mesh all together. i need to start doing some weekly documenting
bills. any bill we pay every month has a (mostly) set price and that is required of us. includes: mortgage car payment student loan loc cable cell phone insurances waste disposal discover card waterewer karate class and rylee's schooling expenditures.
told you it was a fab sketch i know you will love playing with it. my teamies as always have created some amazing inspiration for you all. looking forward to checking out your lovely creations.
science fiction by its nature tends to travel some dark roads. none darker i fear than a single disturbing question: why do we matter?
she is also in love with me. i can tell because of the way she ignores me and how hard to get she's playing.
as sasirekha receives blessings from her parents and then from her aunt rukmini devi your heart jumps with joy to see sri krishna as he comes up to bless her. you feel krishna’s presence throughout this movie whether he is actually “in the shot” or not. that is another delightful thing about this movie.
it climbed the tree with the red berries. up and up and up it went to the top feasting all the way. none of the humans on the trail moved. "should we wait?" the man uphill asked. "probably. he went up that tree pretty fast. i'm sure he can come down it even faster" the father replied. so they waited. and waited the family on the downhill side the couple on the uphill side. another couple walked up behind the family. they were young mid s at best. they waited too. a group of about arrived with the couple on the uphill side. they were louder more boisterous. the young couple on the downhill side decided to try going past the bear in the tree.
i love a challenge; so this was quite fun to figure out.
she did a decent job with me.
in the modern world banks do not lend cash. a businesswoman takes a $ loan and agrees to repay $ in a year. the bank creates $ in checking account money. this adds $ to the money supply. one year later if she does not renew the loan she pays the bank $. please note that the bank pockets $ in interest to their profits. but the $ principal vanishes and reduces the total money supply by that amount.
the only problem is that you have to do them one by one and that is not always an option. as for waiting for the oven to come up to ºc only for fifteen minutes? in scotland maybe but anywhere that´s hot that´s suicidal.
i have been following the lobby groups and online petitions and letters to anybody who cares in the lead up to the sale and was fascinated by the loyalty shown to the brand. and the angst in the weeks since the sale shows just how parochial some drinkers can be about ‘their brew’ and how immune to the realities of business they can be at the same time.
without fail when i talk or post about the public school system and compulsory education among people i know who have children in the system or who plan on putting their children into the system those people tell me "our school is differentetterood" "i went to public school and i turned out fine" "what you are saying is really hurtful to teachers and the people who work so hard to make schools a wonderful place" "my kid loves school."
items to toss:
i didn't take my phone (yes that same old phone) out with me today and i hesitate in buying a phone with more progressive technology because i don't enjoy constant connection. i don't want to be linked up with every single person i know at every moment of the day. i was slow to warm to the cell phone in general. i originally embraced it as a tool for emergencies to be kept in my car.
as you see i think yes it does create a sense of place and the last line is great. i think all it needs is some sharpening to aid the flow. removing superfluous words. see how this has been achieved so the meaning is clear and always visual. i also suggested how moving as in he got down or she went … can be shown further still so the movement or action creates a better sense of the person. this is not essential but it helps.
as the fish ran ?t ch?nged dire?tion several times. once to?ard the boat causing ?y line to go slack and once towards the bow. i had been at thi? for ab?ut ten minutes pulling in slac? line as fast ?s i could and ?lternately wal?ing along the side of th? gunnel rai? a? the fi?h took ?e for ? walk. dad ?as right there enc?uraging me j?cko and his f?iend claude were egging me on and predict?ng the fi?h w?uld wipe my butt all in fun. i ?as pretty t?red ?y arms were lockedup from holding weight and tension f?r about minutes already ?ut i could tell the fish wa? getting we?ker all the time. i’d g?t him wher? i could see h?m struggle and h?’d ?un full steam aga?n twice right under th? boat. finally i got hi? to the ?ide of the bo?t where whitey could gaff him.
you chance to look out the window and see the softened morning hard edges gentled by the mist and you know...you know you must go out into it into the softness breathe it exhale your hardness into it close your eyes and feel it surround you explore your face with tentative fingers brush your arm your leg like a lover touching with tender wonder smoothing the roughness replacing it with peace with sweetness that flows through you like honeyed light.
author: susan may warren
 unintended consequences of dot regulations fee: unintended consequences of dot regulations fee of $. per one way travel per traveling customer applies to most international reservations excluding bookings completed at spirit airlines’ airport locations as well as flights originating in or departing from airports in colombia or panama. no fee will apply to certain discount fares.
creating margin probably means that i won't get christmas cards out until the end of january and my house won't be uberdecorated. after all something has to give. but it will mean i make time for a leisurely visit with my dad at his alzheimer's facility. and time to volunteer in the church nursery for a holidaycrowded event. and time to invite a new neighbor over for coffee. hopefully it will mean that my energy won't get diverted by a frantic selfimposed agenda. only by god's agenda...the essence of true simplicity.
.....honeymoon this is a photo of honeymoon bay. remember how george & mary dreamed of a hawaiin honeymoon but instead had to settle for the "hotel" with posters everywhere? it was a sweet scene in the movie.
“no well actually if you read the plaque it said it wasn’t a real well. it said…” the boy broke off in midsentence sensing the metaphorical sharks circling. it was the sound of his popularity in serious jeopardy. “i mean i didn’t really read it but the name of it just…. nevermind.”
over my head
more disillusionment. behind the bravado there is a sensitivity and vulnerability that comes out in quieter moments but which determinedly refuses to let other see. mia carries this broil of emotions on her sleeve the smallest provocation away from exploding in acts of verbal andr physical violence.
here's another dan & dale lp i stumbled across this week. as usual this one was a project that set out to appeal to mainstream audience but really goes a step beyond what you might expect featuring unique and dreamy blend instrumental covers.
dusty springfield son of a preacher man uk
you know how unsustainable film critics are when even a blogger can call himself that if enough people like his shit.
(this bizarre euphoriaense of wellbeing in the face of disaster started to die down in i forget when exactly.)
after the downfall of the soviet union stolichnaya vodka continued to be produced for export in several of the exsoviet republics. because of this the bottles retained their sovietera labels.
i thought about this yesterday when mentioning to a friend that i’m having a procedure today (a breast ultrasound). we don’t even know what the problem is but i mentioned that one of the answers could be breast cancer.
it seems pretty clear that in the situation that our subscriber presented a separate loss the insured wants to adjust on a replacementcost basis after the day time limit outlined in the losspayment section would receive the full replacement cost.
for many people today it takes the presence of 'alive christians' to lead them to jesus. we live in a world of hurt darkness hate and greed. christians need to be that ‘alive’ example. we cannot simply show up to church on sunday raise our hands in praise wear crosses around our necks and claim to know him. we have to give him our all with nothing held back or its a half way selfbenefiting faith. for us to fully understand that god allowed us to experience his heart through an orphan. the day they placed that brown eyed baby girl into my arms something inside of me broke. and through that brokenness god was able to work.
i figured out why i’m so hungry all the time.
my grandma ann is a matriarch in the truest sense of the word. my mother's side of the family is large given that she is one of ten children each of whom have gone on to have many children of their own. grandma ann has been my lone grandparent for the greater part of my conscious life and is well known to be a fantastic cook. she taught her daughters how to bake and all of them and their female children get together each winter and bake huge amounts of christmas cookies. in this picture i'm in the back with long hair and i have my arm around grandma.
barely ten minutes in and already her charms are seducing out details i’d usually reserve for late night chats with my best friend. but such an honest direct question deserves an honest answer. i did fall in love in a dream once and felt utterly dumped when i awoke. “yeah and you go through sorrow and loss afterwards don’t you? i think it’s the same with the songs but then something shows itself when you start playing and it’s a very liberating feeling.
some of them dead
say yes the green bean casserole is america's favorite casserole for thanksgiving christmas and easter (and even father's day labor day and other special family occasions). it's worth saying 'yes' to
the teller's pov. a very distinct tilt up of the camera as she pushes the policy under the bars and manny picks it up. the shot ends on his face which is now tilted downwards with the brim of his hat casting a menacing shadow over his eyes.
time: : pm
hello last week i was sent a few emails and also received recent comments on my july post from several very kind and thoughtful bloggers who were wondering how i was getting on.
these are the women who have lost their own thoughts their own voices their own independence after years of unending verbal and or physical abuse. these women become the doormats of overpowering male bastards who want nothing more than to dominate and control.
form the dough into a long (” or ”) log about inches in diameter. because the dough is so thick i find it easiest to do this by pinching off hunks of dough from the bowl and lining them up on a large sheet of plastic wrap to form a log then massaging and pressing them together to seal. wrap well and refrigerate at least two hours or overnight.
edna is my grandmother and zach told her one day in particular he loved her. zach would be have been two years old when this letter was written.
marvel ceo isaac “ike” perlmutter who owns % of marvel stock also secured himself the top job overseeing the marvel business after the acquisition. that includes decisions on which characters are developed into movie stars.
for the fourth installment of 'bromantic interludes' we are very lucky to be graced by the presence of todd from primitive future (left yes of course that's actually him). i basically lifted the whole "guest mix" idea from todd and pfuture so i'm especially stoked on his contribution here.
heartburn anne cassidy and
types of healthy fats
if we try to cast an instance of the class above we will obtain the following error:
god sends his son to earth; on one of the mountains of which i shall tell you.
questions comments? changeinadvance@gmail.com
. love a delightsome tickling. indefinable etc.
and so it is i think with elizabeth a. svigar's
 tomutonttu – samaan aikaan toisaalla :
grace and vern do have a few moments of awkwardness when he’s in human form—and she gets just a little miffed at his undercover persona—but you’ll have to read the book for that one.
while the transformer plates & napkins are really cool they will totally blow your budget. most kids won't even notice them anyway. instead buy licensed item such as napkins and use solid partyware in coordinating colors for everything else. for example at walmart you can purchase a package of solid colored plates for $. while a package of tinkerbell plates will cost $..
here's what it looked like before:
she gripped the doorknob studying the familiar faces through the glass: some stood near the stove to comfort barbara while others clustered around eunice near the long table laden with serving bowls platters and pitchers needed for the noon meal. their eyes were wide their kapps bobbing as they discussed today’s dilemma in strident voices that came through the sturdy dutch door. it wouldn’t be proper to get their attention with a shrill whistle between her fingers but it just might take that.
if you find a girl who reads keep her close. when you find her up at am clutching a book to her chest and weeping make her a cup of tea and hold her. you may lose her for a couple of hours but she will always come back to you. she’ll talk as if the characters in the book are real because for a while they always are.
and just to prove i was there (and i haven't photoshopped myself in here) me in front of the bookshop in my wedding outfit (and holding han's handbag i promise).
i was the first to leave kentucky between amanda and i. she stayed almost a week longer than i did. my flight home was early like before. amanda took me to the lexington airport early in the morning and we said our goodbyes at the sidewalk. it was so hard to leave kentucky. the people i'd met there were so wonderful especially my four buddies. when i got home i called nathan to let him know i'd made it safely as he had asked. i put him on speaker phone so my family could hear him talk to me. they laughed as he asked about the trip and if i was safe if i stopped to take breaks while driving etc. it was so fun and i missed them already.
finishing: from right side with bl work row sc around edge of mouth and eyes.
after marriage….
+ total (monthtodate as of dec. )
algernon pendleton's best friend is eulalia. they have intimate conversations. she advises him on life's dilemmas. he compliments her on her musical voice and beautiful porcelain. that's not a porcelain complexion though. that's literally porcelain. eulalia you see is a worcester pitcher. and she talks. but only to algernon.
last year workers experimented with small sections of fencing and they were pleased by the results. so they decided this year to try the effort on a bigger scale.
wolff ms. occupationally derived chemicals in breast milk. am j ind med ; : .
to sail these blood red seas and find your coasts.
startup companies in california such as fitbit zeo and basis provide this new target group with the measuring devices that selftrackers affix to their bodies or strap around their heads arms chests or abdomens. the newest of these gadgets are wireless and offer a glimpse into a future in which even complex medical monitoring equipment will shrink down to miniature format.
this past weekend was the holiest of all midmarch holidays st patrick’s day i rounded up some old friends (as in i’ve known them for a long time [ years] not that they are getting up there in age) and celebrated to the fullest. i made these (though due to me basically making up my own recipe for the jello part they were not sweet enough and we only ate like each. the trash got the rest.) and suz made green pancakes for breakfast. then we donned as much green as socially acceptable and headed out to the biggest irish pub i know in cologne. however we were turned away at the door because it was already too full so we went around the corner to a smaller though no less crowded irish pub. a few hours of drinking guinness and meeting people from all over the british isles later we purchased our final green product: a can of sour cream and onion pringles.
· flex® styles range in price from $$ and are available in eu sizes (size runs vary depending on style).
i imagine you are in denial about your sensitivity to the word fuck cause if you were not; how would you explain: "when you can not express your thoughts without using that word that shows that you aparently have no thoughts."
ironically only hours earlier she had published an article about the secrets of avoiding a hangover on new year's day.
“why do you think someone would want to cut these symbols off a person?” sé asked.
in someway someone
· installation of integrated security system at all identified stations to be
weight: .kg
and each and every time i've gone to vegas and blown money gambling and on expensive dinners it wasn't all that responsible of me but i had a great time so it didn't bother me too much.
what is it like for a bat to be a bat
in your bed across your floor underneath your clothes
lola
hope so
the fourth name will leave you frustrated; it left me frustrated: "he has a name written on him that no one knows but he himself" (rev :). many people try to guess at the name and tell us what it is. but the text is clear: "no one knows but he himself." so it is no use guessing. and it is extreme foolishness to declare to others what it is. it is like the time of the second coming whose day and hour is known only to god. whatever the name it is so holy so majestic so awesome that us mortals are not worthy to hear it or to know it.
wild turkey russell's reserve years old .% abv.
faithful readers it’s time to weigh in. what could i do that would result in both a novel experience for me and interesting reading? leave your ideas in the comments. poll your friends; tell them to join the site and leave their own ideas in the comments. i’ll keep you posted
"so" he says turning back to me "things are good for the kalas. each circuit took a couple of years to sail from scales to japan and back but it was so profitable. shame eventually japan would close itself off to trade. the kalas might have become billionaires decades earlier. before that happened though there was a change in the kalas themselves. count kala passed on and maria went into seclusion. their eldest son marko kala took over and decided to change the policy. he sent their ships south to spanish territory. he had jesuits on each ship and instructed them to say that they were a distant mission if questioned."
john already. to enter just head over to the site and
. november spazio – turin italy
let’s talk about that one for a minute. people want to argue about it. love is hard they say. it’s a tremendous amount of work and not many people truly get to experience it in their lifetime. really?
in a lunar eclipse the earth sun and moon are almost exactly in line and the moon is on the opposite side of the earth from the sun. the moon is full but moves partly into the shadow of the earth and dims dramatically with the shadowed portion of the lunar surface lit by sunlight that passes through the earth’s atmosphere. stronger atmospheric scattering of blue light means that the light that reaches the lunar surface has a reddish hue so observers on earth will see a moon that has a darkened southern tip with hints of colour that depend on terrestrial conditions.
an evil clockmaker made a figure so beautiful and lifelike that a clockmaker’s apprentice can’t resist to do evil deeds himself. an unputdownable read
don't miss cleese with a german accent uttering "blimey how time flies"
to preach the message of the gospel is the central mission of the church for all people to hear and know about christ crucified. if anything contrary is added to the gospel or any truth taken away from it then one must question the legitimate authority of that teacher prophet or shepherd.
"...ship arriving too late..." and "...dangerous kitchen" were performed as improvisations with frank scatting the lyrics from a ring binder. he had not yet written the music that would complete the songs. early in the recording you will hear an issue with security when there was a ticket mixup. it's a wonder that no one saw the recorder during all that.
amen amen i say to you whoever believes in me will do the works that i do and will do greater ones than these because i am going to the father. and whatever you ask in my name i will do so that the father may be glorified in the son. if you ask anything of me in my name i will do it.’” john : (rsv)
and if you’re like me you’ll want to snap some photos of your own and national parks also offers tips and tricks from national geographic staff photographers to help make that motorcycle adventure a pictureperfect experience.
lego
“your sons? like you are my son?”
richard prince
the hunger games (trilogy) and divergent
the two academies’ members will meet in june in ohrid to address the open issues between macedonians and albanians.
dad a black man won firefighter of the year because he was the best yes i am a black conservative republican and proud of it. all you blacks who think the democrats are your friends wake up and smell the betrayal."
our bedroom looked like this before we bought it...
great bars i have known and loved: mirror barefoot beach bar in placencia belize and rumours wine bar. you may not agree with my list; but it doesn’t matter. your list isn’t mine nor mine yours. it’s not about who mixes the best cocktail or offers the speediest service although those aspects are delightful. no the aspect i’m concerned with is a nameless intangible a place’s tendency to engender goodness to act as a sort of petri dish for culturing magical nights. if there were a formula it might look something like this:
today was a busy day.
i was surprised to discover how much i enjoyed the work. it was reasonable to assume most of our patients had not visited a doctor in quite some time so it was gratifying to be in a position to help them attend to problems that had been unaddressed for so long.
the hurt and disgust you forced me to sallow each day
not for: those who are looking for a feelgood book. the stories are mostly tragic and also very true.
here’s a question – do you have a cheat day? a day where you can just have what you like? i have one meal usually friday night where i buy pork dumplings from the coop deli. they’re made by wok and grill and i really enjoy them warmed up with some thai spring sauce.
congratulations 
part : the fleeing dandy finds a home
not even death can take away.
fourth the seller wants to maximize their bottom line so along these lines the standard fees most sellers will pay is natural hazard report and county transfer taxes. if you ask for a home warranty then that reduces the seller’s net income; you might consider buying that yourself. in addition on an reo the seller will often pay the clta title fees if you use their recommended titlescrow company. this saves them time and money because that title company already has a history with that property.
and the winner of the great audiobook abigail adams her letters is sheralhen congratulations sheralhen i'll be emailing you soon.
mhc’s trademark of short chapters cliffhanger endings well defined characters and gripping plot deliver yet another interesting read.
rose 'harlow carr' and geranium 'rozanne' look so pretty together. i keep missing a good time to get more of this flower bed. there is a hardy fuchsia and heuchera 'crimson curls' blooming with these two and it looks so pretty.
as all parents know children lucky enough to be blessed with earlyonset corpulence have this gift bestowed upon them by the screaming phantom of childhood obesity. the phantom (above) steals into a child’s bedroom in the dead of night forcefeeds it goose fat until it is morbidly obese and then screams and screams and screams and screams and screams into its terrified overweight face.
following its move to drastically cut its roster to from shops pepsico has consolidated much of its work at omnicom agencies. the beverage and food giant and the holding company have a long relationship which these recent changes to pepsico’s agency strategy have bolstered further.
returns to past comforts for hope it makes him numb
“what have you done with my treasure?” accuses paulo.
as this new season starts up i find myself thinking about color. more specifically i've been thinking about the colors of my wardrobe and how living in oklahoma has changed them. more than ever i feel that environment plays a huge role in the color choice of a wardrobe.
so far all i have done is paint the exterior with ralph lauren textured paint to look like stone. i've also either made or commissioned floors for every room but the biggest one on top floor. that room is going to have a chevron floor; the pieces are all cut the pattern is made....another thing i need to sit down and do. it just feels a little daunting for some reason.
i'm wearing some cute jewelry. i had been looking for a place to wear those earrings. i can thank my lia sophia career for those. :)
and tonight when i would like to listen to mazzy star everyone is in bed in our extremely small house so i have to be quiet. so i am sitting here drinking in silence.
mobile fisherprice rain forest peekaboo mobile – we bought it primarily for the light and remote feature but those are pretty useless. the light is just a light on the box. it does not light up the animals at night so basically the baby cannot see the mobile move if the lights are out in the room. the remote is good only for a specific period of the mobile’s activity. you can’t use the remote to start the mobile after hours of inactivity. you have to get up and physically start the mobile. having said that my daughter likes the mobile. she responds well to it but i guess she would respond to any other mobile as well.
a comparison between dropbox and google drive will be made soon.
fans filled sets of bleachers surrounding each of the eight fields at fabens park some of which had people surrounding the outfield fences as well. the size of the crowd forced croucher to expand parking in to a second parking lot.
the second thing i read about was that i needed to get a really great shop banner that emphasizes my style and the type of items i will carry. so i picked jess polotas at artistic marketing to handle that for me. she made me a really cool banner that i could just stare at for hours we talked back and forth sharing ideas and within hours i had my banner
when i have the perspective of time and experience will it matter if i persevere at the dishes?
“we were unaware of any notice on the intention to declare the land as communal reserve” he added.
this story is just a paraphrase. i do not remember all the details of the story nor my professor’s exact words.
the plot of jack and jill such as it is is this: jack (adam sandler) is an advertising exec based in los angeles where he lives with his wife erin (katie holmes) and their two children. jill (also sandler) is his twin sister who lives in the bronx and whose clinginess irritates jack to an intense degree. when a visit for thanksgiving turns into an extended openended vacation that threatens to last until new year's jack becomes increasingly desperate to get rid of jill though the rest of his family adores her.
~karen
not a lot of scoring here with only + to the spurs and + to the thunder (sonics). always fun to see shawn kemp even if it is the later fatter version. kemp and baker were both involved in the three way trade that sent kemp to the cavs.
in the current pm then in opposition announced that her party the unc was not in support of the ccj and her reason was that there was no ethnic parity. i know it might escape the members of this government….but indocaribbeans do not make up or even % of the caribbean’s population. the indian population lucky if it makes up % of the caribbean demographic…yet here in trinidad every day we have to grapple with an indopopulation that seems to forget that there are many other ethnic groups that exist here. as recently as last year when questioned on making the switch to the ccj the pm said there was no need to her government was not in any rush to dump the privy council and every one knew it was because they were afraid of losing investors as happened to guyana when they made a similar move.
i'm in between quarters at school (next quarter starts monday baking so expect a bunch of baked goods in the near future) and catching up on some spring cleaning so i haven't done much cooking especially since life is crazy busy i know the title of this post may deter some of you i mean hell... shouldn't we all know how to boil water? believe it or not i've actually seen a lot of people that do this incorrectly take my lovely other half for instance. i find him putting the pasta in the pot covering it with water and then putting it on the stove. i can even admit that i'm guilty of this every now and then. a lot of people think that it's faster to do it that way but honestly it just wastes more time
and in honor of her birthday and n.m.d. and also in honor of my 'rita loving friend deb i enjoyed a margarita tonight. yes just a margarita. it would have been two but dh beat me to the leftovers in the pitcher.
it was nothing new for # though.
. spicy beans & local gala apple @ home (phoenixville pa) : p.m.
projects that feature anything and everything
clear vellum envelopes: paper and more
(book )
but still wake up people this is not a road we should be going down. what next llamas summarising proust
state: feeling good got a new empty beer diary ready to roll son
doctor who news page .m
this kind of mind game is described by your divine grace below:
luckily after the first half i didn’t get sicker and actually took a turn for the better. my training went really well the rest of february was strong i finished the month with a total of kms in mileage. march was a killer month in both good and bad ways it was a great month overall for training and i was feeling like superwoman getting in lots of workouts lots of running crosstraining and everything was quality workouts i felt invincible however the last week of march i pushed too hard and i learned a very valuable lesson. that overtraining is a very real thing and that recovery days are just as important as workout days. it was a tough lesson to learn and i had terrible painful days of hardly being able to walk but luckily i learned this lesson weeks out from the race. still march was as i said a killer month totaling . kms
psa: no that’s not a ringworm on her shoulder. it’s a mosquito bite. yep every bite she gets looks like that.
missed workouts: 
contrary to the title this is not about the jellybean that i am currently incubating this is actually about a parcel that arrived yesterday.
co : you know that many runners enter a race and only one of them wins the prize. so run to win athletes work hard to win a crown that cannot last but we do it for a crown that will last forever. i don’t run without a goal. and i don’t box by beating my fists in the air. i keep my body under control and make it my slave so i won’t lose out after telling the good news to others. (cev)
 egg whites
it was so much fun
and yes...there was no planning permission for these constructions. the veranda was built we think in around and the roof terrace was set up in about by the previous owner of the whole property. we all purchased our properties in the house in the full knowledge that some things were perhaps not quite "en ordre" however this is the case for practically every building in the city. if you start dobbing people in for the irregular works committed by the owner before the owner before the owner who sold them the property the fun will never end.
would dance whenever pop music came on tv quite
our kids would often hang out in the driveways together. they were a great match. my boys don’t have sisters and her girls don’t have brothers. my boy’s mom is a fast blinker and her girl’s mom is a slow blinker.
today we the church have decided to make it known that we don’t care about god as much as we care about self. we would rather have a program that keeps us happy over a mission trip that make us sleep without ac or heat. we would rather the band play the songs we know than to worship god as if he was who we know. we would rather the preacher keep it short so that we don’t miss the football game instead of missing the football game because we asked the preacher if he would spend a couple of extra hours teaching us the bible. we would rather argue the politics of welfare than to take a cooler of sandwich meat and drinks into the homeless hangouts of our town and feed and eat with them as we share the gospel.
dutch obstetrics from th century forward found a way to exist in balance with dutch midwifery through the th century in a way that was an example to the world. it’s a shame that the us model of maternity care was the one that the rest of the industrialized world imitated instead of the dutch model.
sky: "you did what? was this big white wedding just an excuse to find your father?"
. try stuffing all the recyclable cardboard until the sink.
puss in boots – the great adventure in this version puss is helping a budding musician and the twist comes about because of a surprise relationship between puss and the ogre. i really love how this story ends. it has some very touching and some very funny scenes and your children will love it (and you will too.)
panic attack commenced to grow stronger however when upon hooking up my ‘puter it would not turn on. the tremors (so remembered from my first divorce time and not missed) made a comeback – fuzzy buzzy head inability to focus.
you all know facebook right? fun little place where we can all interact and have fun together in a way we can't really do here? i have "fans" on my blog's facebook page and i'm not absolutely certain how many of those people actually read this blog or even know it exists.
we resolved that we the people would never forget. then we forgot.
. george headley (wi) right hand batsman leg break bowler ()
so have you seen the new commercials for jc penney? they are acutally really funny and star
instead our elder generation is reduced to losing their dignity because noone considers them at the design stage.
half a mile beneath the picturesque village of amieira oleiros is moses (meaning many millstones in portuguese) where you will find old cascading terraces olive trees grapevines newly planted fruit orchards and kitchen gardens three restored stone houses and two streams that gush through the middle.
no turuan ng leksyon. buruhin ang career %
gym membership: for our cost comparison i’m going to use hour fitness’ “ hour fitness active” monthly price out of san francisco.
as mummies in the mummycloth are wound.
stir in milk mixture onto dry ingredients mix well.
weightength we will get your most up to date weight and length at your two month checkup later today but at weeks on feb. th you weighed lbsozs and were . inches long. i suspect you are now well over pounds
following the verdict details of morrisons previous history of violence was revealed to the court including a series of convictions for assault many of them against previous girlfriends and only a month before the murder he had violently assaulted five women in a london club. it also came to light during the trial that he had subjected amy to nine months of abuse and violence before she eventually decided to end the relationship.
beauty: aka the purr factor
dj crystl warp drive (dee jay recordings)
this card is for my lovely fellow d.t member sue lelli as it's her birthday next week this card is winging it's way across the atlantic to sue right now
 oz. reduced fat shredded cheddar jack (sargento)
. mountain horse – gold + exalted with gilneas
the angry crowd then surrounded the policemen but volunteers from pkr’s jingga formed a human shield around the officers saying “don’t blame them it’s not their fault.”
love you very much
the conversation went a little something like this:
i read last year somewhere that at a certain point all the leaves are taken off the plants to promote ripening....i may try it this year....
recently my daughter and i had what we call a "mommy day." what does a mommy day consist of you ask? it is simply a special day that i put aside once or twice a month to spend with my year old daughter nevaeh....just the two of us. she makes a list of five places she would like to go. it is totally up to her. on this particular day...these were her choices:
c. one group that believes in a partial rapture is the “baptist bride”
how do you escape
girls girls girls
“what if i make you a new one?” flamane suggested helpfully ” i can even make it sparkly?”
welcome to my first ever blog charmed in third grade after a few short weeks of stalking blogs and becoming a blog addict i've decided to venture out and create a blog about my passion teaching rd grade i hope to network continue to learn about the art of teaching and of course collaborate and share ideas with other teachers
okay so this is kind of a silly recipe (actually two recipes) but it is surprisingly tasty and has a story to go with it.
last week i took a couple of my students to a banquet hosted by a local science and engineering community and something one of the speakers said really stuck with me:
sitting through two games today was a lot of soccer if you ask me. it was degrees but windy and i was cold. i'm a fair weather spectator at best.
while most of us fall into the category of “could have climbed a little higher on the life ladder if we’d only had a tad more nerve and the discipline to forego fewer saturday night keggers” there are some people who come into this world as a force of nature. there’s no doubt these little suckers are going somewhere…it’s just a semifrightening matter of whether they choose to use their powers for good or evil.
its been a slow week with not a lot to say but thought i'd pipe in for a longtime favorite post way back whenesday with cheryl at twinfatuation
klaus briest bass
a card that comes to light
the fiveyear engagement () really walked the line between the silly (like the office) and the sincere (like the breakup ()). that’s not a typical formula for success and i wouldn’t recommend it to anyone but it didn’t ruin the movie. i think it’s because nobody was wholly serious at any one time. if they did have one of those dark honest moments devoid of any levity that it would have cracked the universe apart.
i was not happy about the sofia vergara esquire cover. then when i read the interview i was less happy.
there was something familiar about this figure. i knew i had met this man before but i couldn’t place him till i had downed my fourth draught beer and then it was all clear. sh–t
belt kitsch
a more comprehensive and indepth editorial service can be provided by better book if they or the author feel it is required.
and that was saturday at sfiff. tomorrow (sunday) is my real marathon day with movies starting with a member's screening at : am.
boy meets girl. girl is on a quest to destroy the man who destroyed her family. boy and girl go on quest. bad things happen. rock falls everyone dies.
if i was asked where i am going
crickets book offers "make a cricket's song" where we are encouraged to rub a comb with a stick to "sing" like a cricket i.e. make the sound the crickets make by rubbing one wing against the ridge on the other wing. which oggie did with unbridled joy.
i felt more than a little bit silly wearing this ridicoulous outfit down by the water. i thought that it wouldent be that busy down at kirribilli on a gorgeous public holiday. so i just had to suck it up and get it done as i had dragged the whole family down there just for my photos one thing about sydney is that people dress pretty casual most of the time i had skyscraper heels two petticoats under the skirt and a massive flower in my hair. the worst moment was when a boatload of tourists turned up
today was a big day of progress with dinah. we began with grooming and then a hand walk. it had been raining and dinah was kind of wet so i wanted her to dry before i put her saddle on. after the hand walk i worked on walking her all around the barn led her through the barn into a stall on mats concrete i dragged a chair around while i was leading her just trying to do all kinds of things to get her ready to handle the competition. then i took her to the stair step and practiced doing a turn on the forehand keeping her front feet on the first stair. it took a little work and patience but once she figured out what i wanted she was really good.
april – the columbine massacare at columbine high school colorado where students (twelve month cycle?) and teacher (the beginning of the next cycle or regenerative month) were killed bringing the total to . ( were injured – see iraq)
what i was wearing:
the railway children not the family film with jenny agutter; the rather fine band from wigan. i brought reunion wilderness on cassette because it was in the bargain bin at woolworths it was in a nice box. there was quite a few factory record releases in boxes that i brought from that bin new order substance and the return of the durutti column with the track list written on sandpaper.
the only problem with the walk is the final . miles.... there are no sidewalks into the school. thankfully there is a police officer who stops traffic for us to cross a big country road but man entering the school property is high stakes. drivers don't expect a walker.... i have not seen a single person walk their kid to school there even though there are several neighborhoods close by. i can only assume that people don't want to risk fighting the traffic as a pedestrian.
like many city parks brandling was recovered from the town moor "redeemed from very unpromising surroundings and its present condition reflects the highest credit on the publicspirited action of the corporation". the park was completed in .
this is really good with peaches and other fresh berries also
pardon the flash overload as it was in a poorly lit room with my phone camera. she burrowed in under this blanket and then popped back out to stare at me.
my heart leapt. did i hear him correctly?
does the public sector have the money to do all this? brodsky asked. “if i had to choose which ones should be done first?”
now i understand that this next part may be where you doze off but i was so inspired by our discussion that i've spent this morning further educating myself on what it was we were really looking at. don't let anyone tell you that great art isn't for young children: traditional museums might not be and traditional art discussions may not be but we nevertheless talked about art some of it from the middle ages for minutes
"the lows of march marked the beginning of an unexpected recovery—not the beginning of an era of irreversible stagnation. the u.s. economy went from shrinking at a . percent annual rate in the first quarter of to expanding at a . percent annual rate in the fourth quarter of that year—a turnaround unprecedented in modern history. the stock market has doubled since march while corporate profits and exports have surged to records. the u.s. economy has regained its peak and is now growing at a percent annual clip—a more rapid pace than any other developed economy. the crucible of the recession forged an economic structure that is more resistant to shocks than the brittle vessel that shattered in . meanwhile europe continues to grapple with insoluble banking and sovereign debt crises and developingeconomy juggernauts like china and brazil are showing signs of cracking.
i really just do not understand the male gender. oh well here's to the past they can kiss my glass
.life's journey :
garbology began with a simple question: is there a way back from our disposable economy this addiction to waste? the short answer is: yes. i found a growing number of families communities and businesses doing just that cutting waste and prospering in the process. garbology is their story.
so yeah i guess some gnomes were here.
so – i’m going to show you some more covers of books i have read that have most definitely caught my attention. these books are a few series that come as highly recommended reads from me as well. if they ‘look’ like your cup of tea – then pick them up for a read.
a yearold man has his sights on the london marathon in a bid to become the world's oldest competitive runner.
“my account was paid. why wasn’t the report removed? a reporting member is under no obligation to remove an accurate report of account mishandling due to payment of monies owed. however the member is obligated to update the report with a paid in full or settled in full date when applicable.“
here’s my pointbypoint rebuttal:
in statements and in advertisements romney claimed as governor he got tough on crime and cracked down on meth labs. "'i'm very proud of the fact that we my state when i was governor we made it tougher for people with meth labs' mr. romney said echoing his commercial in which he claimed that he 'got tough on drugs like meth' while in the governor's office. 'we cracked down on crime and on meth in particular' mr. romney added." (the new york times )
two repeated phrases reinforce the complexity of kanye’s sophisticated relationship with himself and those who love and hate him. the first is the refrain borrowed from king crimson’s titular song ’st century schizoid man’. like mersault who is torn between societal norms and his albeit largely unexplored indifference towards the world of human affairs kanye is ‘schizoid’ a divided self. the song explores this division as one between the private and the public self between his natural creativity and the pressures of fame between his younger more authentic persona and the new one ostensibly undermined by celebrity. taken with ‘all of the lights’ which follows ‘power’ on the album my beautiful dark twisted fantasy and forms with it something of a musical diptych kanye laments the extent to which fame has changed him and in doing so has driven his family away.
but this is a new “phase” in my life that i have had to deal with.
there are times i reflected when nothing else in the english language is so expressive as the single word "nuts." but i said nothing hoping that he would work off his enthusiasm by writing a letter to the magazine. i should have known better.
and to motivate those who would give we have a whole slew of prizes to giveaway.
a page on the community benefits agreement cites the eight groups (by the way the first atlantic terminal housing committee is now the brooklyn endeavor experience inc.) that partnered with the developer. unmentioned is that only two of the eight were incorporated at the time of signing the cba as the new york observer reported. (in the photo (l.r.) from atlanticyards.com assemblyman roger green (second from left) james caldwell of build mayor mike bloomberg bertha lewis of acorn the rev. herbert daughtry and fcr president bruce ratner.)
 cup shredded unsweetened roasted coconut
there was that time when the kids were misbehaving and being too loud so we left before the meal even came to the table taking dinner to go. not fun when you have to drive minutes to get to the restaurant and then leave before you even eat. but knowing that other people were looking to eat their dinner in peace we decided it be best if we hightailed it out of there.
steamed lb of asparagus and then placed it on a bed of ice
if something goes wrong go with it the best you can. don't let it ruin the day. this is easier said than done considering the time and effort that goes into tday dinner. perfection is a romantic concept but is never as enjoyable in real life as it seems in your fantasies. something is always going to go wrong or forgotten or something. if something is truly ruined such as burnt then don't serve it. laugh do the best you can and move on. the worst case scenario is the turkey getting burnt or over cooked or undercooked. people love telling turkey disaster stories. seriously don't you love these tales (and somehow they seem to get taller as years go by). i have heard seen and contributed to these stories. family and friends love the stories but mostly family and friends are there because they want to be with you. they will come back even if it to see what happens next year so dang it take a sip of wine (or whatever you sip on) and keep on going.
also arrested and charged with herron from the may incident was new brockton public works supervisor tony bludsworth who testified in herron’s trial. bludsworth is also charged with seconddegree animal cruelty.
to my embarrassment i’m enjoying the food more than the food i usually eat which is annoying as i’d previously resolved that if i was going to get fat i’d do it eating really good food.
i drove up from the crossroads. it was one hundred metres from the vg grocery shop on the corner. i knew that because i’d measured it with a measuring wheel from school when we were learning about measurements units and maths. then i could see the school railings. they comprised of a wall bricked up to about a foot high upon which were yard high gloss black railings each ending in a point.
you can be assured that all these adventure tours are worth all the thrill without compromising on the level of security and safety that you need. throughout the duration of the tours you can be sure to enjoy great views amazing interaction and exciting adventures for your travel to india that would happen only once in a lifetime.
we will award a 'the shabby tea room tea time terrific top three' badge to the three most creative projects ... plus this week only all the tea time terrific top three winners will receive free images from tiffany one lucky participant will earn 'the shabby tea room winner' badge and digi images from tiffany
“tabasco?” i suggested.
to make pushups harder the exerciser should move from his knees to his toes. repeat sets of reps of this exercise. the head should be kept in a neutral position without tucking or extending the chin.
the other danger came from a whole different side.
glenn closeohn malkovich (dangerous liaisons)
she taught me in bad times
a crackdown over the past couple of years has forced private companies to yank dozens of similar signs especially along the lie and bqe.
the blur should be short somewhere in the to character range. after all it has to fit on the back of the book but it also needs to be a quick “pick me” type of a sale. a short quick description will hold the reader’s attention long enough for you to finish. after all you want them to make a decision based on your whole sales pitch not half of it.
my daughter also had her last basketball game of the season over the weekend. unfortunately her team never really learned how good winning can feel. they had a really rough season (only won one game in overtime). there were several games throughout the course of the season that were close games. they just weren’t able to close any other team out in the final period…but it didn’t matter.
‘perhaps whoever lived here has gone to bed’ sylvia managed to gasp out her breath taken by the wind and the rain bettering her face.
luke : 
i think i have always had an inclination to play the glad game. in pollyanna her father taught her to look on the bright side of things. when she got a pair of crutches from charity rather than a doll her father told her to be glad she didn’t need the crutches.
only nine of the firefighters have a professional aviation qualification and are experienced in this field. most of the nine have worked at the airport for more than years.
possibilities. every faction is different but every warcaster inside those factions is also completely different. it’s like playing with a different army when you change casters. units work differently with each.
problem solved. mom thanked me and remarked how jeffrey is at that age where doesn't like to listen to her any more (and i refrained from telling her to learn to control her own kid) and another woman in line gave me a smile and a little "golf clap". jeffrey was still standing when i paid for my coffee and left.
. schoolgirl (ballard) :
but that phenomenon that’s feminine—
the riviera organ preservation society presents ken double at the mighty wurlitzer with special guest skip stine on trumpet
the discussion of debts and the way she bluffs loki are enigmatic as hell. while some reviews have said that the shield avengers suffer a disservice in not having their own movies i would say that it adds more to their characters as spies that their pasts are not completely unveiled at this point. i can’t wait to see more of her in the future and see what she’s going to do next as unlike the other avengers i genuinely have no idea.
it was no surprise that my interest in history would mount to the level of research and writing myself. after years of doing historical research in fixed regions of holland and carefully touching the neighbouring countries i have now taken it upon myself to find out what is true of the myths and sagas. during these last months of my basic research in gathering data i have found a lot of information. and slowly i’m getting a closer look into what caused all this. the general gist being careers – yes some of them actually worked – in diplomacy politics and the army. okay it might not be as virtuous and god fearing as working the lands with ones bare hands but in their days bowing deeply licking heels and flattering foreign monarchs and officials whilst trying to prevent wars or improving the understanding between countries was considered a job. as was beating the living daylights out of someone when it all went wrong and nations took up arms. colonial domination could be ranked amongst them also but is also connected to the former – along with trade. and last but not least: the times they just had to run to save their sorry rears.
“blaine just called. they found chase’s body last night and a kid from school is missing again.”
tomorrow is another day.
“one mother told me when she went with her month son to his medical checkup and he was not in daycare. they said ‘oh your son is not in daycare? but he has to go to daycare. he needs that and you need to work’”himmselstrand told cbn news.
requirements & restrictions
that’s exactly what happened to the new age movement which started out as an intriguing attempt to find common ground between cutting edge sciences traditional wisdom and the experiences of contemporary visionaries before it got mugged by the marketers in the dark alleys of the early s. for heaven’s sake gregory bateson used to count as a new age thinker. what he would have thought of today’s new age scene—well let’s just say that if he suddenly stepped out of a shack at esalen this evening with an ax in his hand i’m not sure how confident i would be that he had firewood in mind.
henry ford and thomas edison were friends who spent their winters vacationing right next to one another and i got to tour their homes while i was there.
“i’m not upset mum” she said. “it’s not like rocky was a cat.”
top (under): thrifted ($ ish?)
she had listened to him paying dutiful attention to the swan which had actually drifted up to them by the bank dipping its beak and then curving to probe irritably into the snowy tuft of feathers on its breast; but she was thinking less of the swan than of the young whiskers on henry's cheek only her thoughts had merged so that she wondered whether henry's brown curls were as soft as the feathers on the breast of the swan and all but reached out an idle hand to feel them. then he passed from the swan as though that had been but a gambit to cover his hesitation and the next thing she knew was that he was speaking earnestly bending forward and even fingering a flounce of her dress as though anxious although unaware of his anxiety to establish some kind of contact between himself and her; but for her all true contact had been severed from the moment he began to speak so earnestly...he had gone. he had left her. even while she conscientiously gazed at him and listened she was already miles and miles away. he had passed into the sphere where people marry beget and bear children bring them up give orders to servants...mr. holland was asking her to accompany him into this sphere. he was asking her to be his wife."
and then to make things worse when i came home and read about the disney half marathon (and most half marathons) i realized that there are strict time limits and if you don’t hit a mile marker every minutes you’re out of there – eliminated and bussed to the finish line thanks for trying ma’am.
watching the charlie sheen roast where he goes off script not only do we see a comic seemingly hitting his stride within the zeitgeist but like vick on the run kobe breaking off triangle someone who's always at their best winging it onthefly. at : patrice says to a black guy near the front row "congratulations to you look at the white woman you're with" ha. do not try this at home
can we say that latin america was given the thumb up or thumb down? i believe that as a region we are on the list and unfortunately this is something not to be proud of. but who are not in the list? there is always light at the end of the tunnel and thus the region can have a look at other counterparts and neighbours such as panama nicaragua honduras el salvador and uruguay.
that preordained time of marriage cannot be avoided. explain this to your soul.
now is the fun part...i belong to a trading team on etsy and they had a trade event this weekend. i had never participated before but i thought what the heck. i first trade was for bath and body stuff from bragginrightsbath. i went on to make more trades and will be receiveing packages with little gifts for me and the ones that i love. here is a list of all the tradeaholics i would like to thanks for making my first trade and stay so fun. thank you sooo much ladies
water (enough to go halfway up the artichokes)
money. the thing we hate but need the most. study abroad costs money. this is one of the biggest reasons i’ve heard for why people choose not to study abroad. people not only think studying abroad is more expensive than it is but they completely ignore the future pecuniary possibilities that can be gained.
his would continue on the next boat to turkey.
in all the ongoing discussions regarding the “hacking” there has been little clear reporting of precisely what was done by mr mulcaire and the other investigators used by the press.
once everything is ready you can preheat your oven to °° and assemble your dish. lightly oil your large baking dish and mix ladle of your béchamel sauce into your meat mix and ladles into your drained pasta. add enough sauce to coat the bottom of your dish and then add of your noodles. follow with of your meat and then repeat with remaining noodles and sauce. top with the remaining béchamel sauce and grated cheese. bake in a hot oven for minutes. you want your edges to be bubbly and the cheese to be golden brown. rest at least minutes before serving to help setup and make easier to dish out and hold form
so now i turn away from my wonderful blog readers who are lovely kind sweet people who would never make my head explode and i turn to you the reviewers. not all the reviewers. just the ones who are making my head throb dangerously and causing the silvery lights to float in front of my eyes.
why don’t you all shut up
movie quote: flight control commander: are they trying to shoot down the other drone?
azealia banks feat lazy jay – 
above is the effect from decoart weathered wood. on the left is annie sloan chalk paint in paris grey ($ for the ml sample size) applied over the crackle painted on both horizontally and vertically with a crappy old nylon bristle brush. on the right is the effect with paint over crackle done in one direction. if you leave the crakle to dry until tacky it crackles more. i usually brush paint on over it as soon as they won't blend together. the crazing is more subtle. be sure to use craft or interior paint; leftover exterior paint resists crackling.
three university of the west indies (uwi) professors the barbados national trust and more than worried people are trying to torpedo a $ million hotel and condominium project proposed for the long beachchancery lane area of christ church.
cqc chief executive cynthia bower said last night: 'the trust has taken our concerns seriously but improvements are simply not happening fast enough.
tight lipped i threw my coffee into the sink and said “i was referring to the name brand. . .not the store brand.”
nothing cures a lazy monday like an episode of hoarders. don’t say you have never seen it or even lingered a while enduring the shock and awe of it all. like a train wreck exploding and stacked up like cord wood the impossible reality of these poor peoples homes causes me to ask the question….how did it get this bad and why in h e double hockey sticks are they allowing anyone to film it?
i'm a bad bad knitter. that's right i did knit but on something new. yes i am burying my head in my pillow with shame right now. i needed to get my sock mojo going again and my felici self striping yarn has been calling to me. i mean it's time traveler self striping yarn. and...and....and....
me: what does that mean? are you saying you don’t see her as someone you could be with for the longterm as in marriage?
but in nietzsche’s last work the will to power the lack of an end or goal appears as demonic and mirrors the demonic character of the modern mind. without a god a heaven truth or an absolute goodness to aim at the meaning of life becomes simply “the will to power.” power becomes its own end not a means. life is like a bubble empty within and without; but its meaning is selfaffirmation egotism blowing up your bubble expanding the meaningless self into the meaningless void. “just will” is nietzsche’s advice. it does not matter what you will or why.
have a funny news story to read. actually it is the comments that are funny.
as the premier sedation dentist in connecticut i’ve learned a few things over the last years at gentle dental care in plainville ct that have been personally and professionally important in the quality care of my patients. they also have improved my personal happiness and growth.
i am hosting a challenge and give away.
according to the lawsuit the collusion occurred through a series of meetings email exchanges and telephone calls in and (galleycat has the details of these allegations) and culminated in the introduction of the agency model in early just ahead of the april debut of the ipad. (you may remember the february standoff between amazon and macmillan in which amazon turned off macmillan's buy buttons in protest of the agency model but later capitulated and turned them back on.) as a result the lawsuit alleges consumers have paid tens of millions of dollars more for ebooks than they otherwise would have.
one chinese consumer electronics company has repeatedly tried to improve the way it innovates. senior management has called for new ideas and sponsored efforts to create new bestinclass processes while junior engineers have designed highquality prototypes. yet the end result continues to be largely undifferentiated incremental improvements. the biggest reason appears to be a lack of crosscompany collaboration and a reliance on processes designed to build and reinforce scale in manufacturing. in effect the technical and commercial sides of the business don’t cooperate in a way that would allow some potentially winning ideas to reach the market. as chinese organizations mature stories like this one may become rarer.
 teaspoon worchestershire sauce
so that's that. i probably won't update toooo much on this endeavor because like i said it's nothing particularly earthshattering and i'm sure you're all sick of hearing i've dumped fat ass on his well... fat ass again. so i'll try to keep the weighty subjects to a minimum and write about more important things like chuck bass and my list of hgcs. and with any luck i will one day introduce you all to my newest interest:
slunk pouting out when the limp time came;
fourth week again i can't really see any difference in the scale. so then what is the point? but i had made something to eat that had broccoli in it and i had overcooked the broccoli and i really hate overcooked broccoli. but i made it so i should eat it. and there was ice on the roads and all of that. it just wasn't a good time to waste food.
in college i rather quickly realized that life as a vet wouldn't be for me (thank you calculus for so unapologetically pointing that out) and then spent several semesters trying out a variety of academic majors. ironically i eventually landed in the humanities and found myself considering an english major. but mr. shakespeare's potential to tank my gpa still terrified me so i avoided him by choosing a general "humanistic studies" degree instead of the more specific english major just so i could skip his eponymous class.
was it trickery?
i have used carriers with both of my children from a young age and enjoyed it but i also make sure i do my research because any product service or device when used incorrectly can cause problems and no parent wants that for their precious infant. i strongly advise practice with any baby gear to ensure accidents do not happen. with that in mind i have some tips to help you to enjoy this special time with your little one:
their goal: seal a deficitreduction package of spending cuts and perhaps tax increases that will allow a vote by the aug. deadline to raise the u.s. debt ceiling beyond $. trillion and avoid economic calamity.
if you feel a hand guiding you along when the path seems wrong it will be me. –brother bear 
no grown up person being by
immediately after thanksgiving we had a visit from aaron's dad our first since he stopped through utah the year after we were married our kids went nuts with excitement showing off for him and he took it all in stride pulling them in to show them some of the artworksinprogress he brought along to work on. one thing that was great about having him around was that he has really jumped on the healthtrain and had tons of great tips to help us make healthier meals and add more movement into our days. he slipped out for a walk or run through our beautiful neighborhood at least once a day a reminder to us to do the same more often even after the weather gets cooler and he had lots of great ideas for salads to keep in the refrigerator. aaron had also gotten tickets for all of us to go see the nutcracker in a nearby town (there's a production here in the city as well but this was a chance to see something new) and we packed up and drove about an hour in our stillnewish van cranking up the family videos that we have decided will be our primary tripmedia. it was so fun watchingistening to our christmas preparations from three years ago as we prepared for this holiday season the only sad part about his visit was that aaron had to work quite a lot during it but the payoff for that came when grandpa jerry got to come with us to see aaron's holiday concert at ipfw a really fun and entertaining concert that was broadcast live on our local pbs station.
every other day i receive emails from the readers asking which are my favorite cookbooks; for each of those emails i reply two more arrive in my inbox – not a very practical thing. that is why you’ll find below the list with my all time favorite cookbooks – the ones i love the most (in no particular order):
i was skimming through one of my cupcake books called "crazy about cupcakes" by krystina castella and came across a page with a little bit of cupcake history. i thought i would share it with you guys
i have always been obsessed by rap music in all of its many forms. the uk has a vibrant and very inclusive hip hop scene where no one is really in it for the money or a career. from a personal point of view it was only when i introduced character comedy into the act that things took off.
once lent was over i thought i was done with my “lenten sacrifice.” but i found out that my grandparents came to look forward to my notes and that i had just started a lifelong journey not just a lenten one.
or uncle ken will poke your ass deep deep with a metre long billiard cue yeah all you suckers i am now an elder too.. don’t play play.
similarly the material used for this madame gres creation.
zva creative quietly stepped into the craft industry in the fall of but it wasn’t until cha winter that people started to get to know zva. the tiny x’ booth that zva had during that trade show was crowded by attendees from the beginning to the end of the show and from that point on zva has become known in the industry. as more and more people have gotten to know zva they have fallen in love with her beautiful and highquality crystal and pearl selfadhesive designs. there is more to their story please go here to read more
it started like this...at doris and john's house rich's back went out. it was only : but he could barely walk. how lucky were we that doris' daughter judy was there she was a nurse and knew about massage so she told rich to get up in her mom's bedroom and lay on the bed face down. it was hysterical. how many men get told to get on the bed by a pretty nurse in front of their soon to be wife?
his contention is that there is no denial of service since people like mano devi can go back to the bank for the wages. “they are no worse off than before.”
the house stood at the end of a long narrow road. it was almost an alley one side lined with the rear dropdown metal loading doors of shops and garages open on the other side. a large chickenwire yard separated the crime scene house from its neighbors. no pedestrians walked passed; it was a saturday morning.
the aspect that i most enjoyed however was what an effortlessly entertaining writer stashower turned out to be. in most nonfiction i find the largest hurdle to getting through a book author’s skill as a writer. if the author lacks an interesting voice and if the whole book is structured like a thesis driven essay no matter how interesting the topic at hand and no matter how well researched it will be a drag. unfortunately this often proves to be the case but not with stashower. not only is he clearly engaged with and excited about his subject but throughout his writing you can sense a very dry sense of humor—an excellent choice in tone which serves to lighten up what would oftentimes be nothing but a dull recounting of procedure and events yet never reaches a point of being inappropriate or crude.
marriages often mean a full stop for the careers of many actresses. many out of their own will many unwittingly. will she continue working at the same pace? “at the same pace i am not sure as priorities change but work will still continue” genelia signs off with her heartwarming smile and a promise to try to remain just how she is.
—amanda
well i am going to leave it there for my first post i am off to collect luca from nursery. i will aim to write one post a day – if you made it this far thank you very much for reading until next time. lx : )
this past week most big media news organizations actually removed news stories already published about an obama daughter traipsing off to a mexico vacation earthquake included. so obama exploits the daughters and big media scrubs references to them that do not flatter barack obama.
in other news i start my lessons with sue fraser tomorrow on rogo. when the vet came to take out the stitches he decided he needed five more days off so he's been there getting settled (the wound was still a bit open). rogo's been off for over three weeks except for three or so short bareback rides and i've been doing very little riding. soooo i'm a little nervous to jump right in but how else will we get going again? we really need lessons from a skilled teacher right now and sue fits the bill. it's over three hours to make the round trip so i may stay in the living quarters in the trailer tomorrow night. i have lessons mon. tues. and thur. this week. let's hope that trailer furnace is working well
and monday is in swing outside
there is actually a story behind this page. it has to do with a little moral that i was told a few years ago that has stuck with me. it goes like this: everyone has their problems. those problems are like monkeys jumping up and down and screaming for attention. luckily we all have bananas to give our monkeys. but beware sometimes other people will try and trick you into giving them your bananas for their monkeys which leaves you with nothing for your own. when they do that you have to say to them "that is not my monkey"
 . “maurice f. x. donohue .” university of chicago record may p. . (source: item div(a) above).
we spent one day wding and kristy lost one of her personalised number plates in a croc infested river (there are crocs in the rivers but rangers work hard to make sure there are none in the water holes unlike kakadu where they don't like you to swim anywhere. i had been so traumatised from all the croc warning signs that i didn't even feel safe in the caravan park pool at kakadu).
“walk into the light.”
friday and saturday were both busy from dawn to bedtime … a special lunch with a dear friend sorting through bags and closets of my daddy’s clothes time spent with family and some relaxing in front of the tv watching movies and special events that mom recorded for me. the weather was exceptional all weekend allowing me to slip on the flip flops and capris for the first time this year.
i am glad that there is no age limit in the kingdom of god. we need to see that we will not be put out to pasture when we reach a certain age. god can and does use anyone who is willing – no matter their age background or weaknesses.
pm: : ' ~ green mt.
larry: because i think you might be about to leave me and i didn't want to be wearing a dressing gown. larry: i slept with someone in new york. a whore. i'm sorry. anna: why did you tell me? larry: i couldn't lie to you. anna: why not? larry: because i love you. anna: it's fine. larry: really? why? he's confused. larry: something's wrong. tell me. larry: are you leaving me? anna nods. larry: because of this? why? anna: dan. larry: cupid? he's our joke. anna: i love him. larry: you're seeing him now? anna nods. larry: since when? anna: since my opening last year.
i have been really busy with painting and creating a new web site that i have had very little tile to update the blog. i wanted to share my most recent orientalist painting of the zulu bride.
i tried to register for swimming classes this morning at our local community college. the class i was interested in starts today... a little late i know... but i'm a mom and this is what happens... life.
so i was really pleased when my parents took the house for the week last week and invited the girls and i to join them.
bruce wilson – sustainability and energy efficiency. i plan to be a certified leeds consultant this year. i think the era of conceptdriven architectural expression is drawings to a close. it will take a backseat to greener buildings. here is a link to ted that everyone should see:
but does wright possibly have too much affection for scott pilgrim and his mediasaturated consciousness? cera—following his attempt earlier this year in youth in revolt to play at least somewhat against his typical fey image—doesn't shy away from showing scott's selfabsorbed and immature side but as the film progresses one might begin to wonder if perhaps wright is however unintentionally coddling his main character's selfabsorption through his visual style enshrining it rather than maintaining a necessary distance from it for the film's supposedly redemptive conclusion to come off. as it is though the film ends in a manner that makes its main character's arc from neediness to "selfrespect" seem rather disingenuous. maybe wright got so wrapped up in creating his singular cinematic world that he eventually lost track of the real people populating it.
how do you defend a city surrounded by enemies and riddled with traitors when your allies can by no means be trusted and your predecessor vanished without trace? it's enough to make a torturer want to run – if he could even walk without a stick – and inquisitor glokta needs to find answers before the gurkish army comes knocking at the gates.
and to my incredibly special mom......i love you sooo much it seems we often say the least to those we love the most but i do hope you know just how much i love cherish and adore you and that i hit the family jackpot to have you and dad as my parents you are truly one in a million:) thank you thank you thank you for being you. see everyone on monday
in the interests of travelling light i had decided that there was no point packing raincoats for drama queen no. and myself and thus pulled down the curse of the british summer upon our heads. i have lived in my jeans and sweaters aside from the one day when the weather put on a stellar display of what an english summer day should be in what was termed the english heat wave. based on the ‘blink and you missed it’ nature of the good weather i feel more inclined to term it the mexican heat wave as it rippled through the country before we were plunged back into our wellies. the notion of breaking out my shorts resulted in a bitter and incredulous laughter. as for my swimsuit – i’m not quite sure what kind of parallel world i was living in when i packed it – aside from its uses as an extra layer of clothing in extremis it is difficult to imagine the circumstances is which i might have worn it over the last ten days. to be fair i think the weather was actually good in parts of the country but i seemed to be on one of those bring the clouds with you type trips as i shot between edinburgh southampton devon and london staggering into barclays bankin balham dripping wet and wearing my hostess's wellies will remain the defining memory of the trip.
emily is so familiar to me that i feel i've known her all my life. she is a kinder gentler olive kitteridge; she is me my stepmother edith my mother penny my sister cynthia. she's a universal character captured so perfectly by o'nan that i marvel at his powers of observation.
kirkpatrick. . p. “the facebook effect: the inside story of the company that is connecting the world”. (sourced from lecture )
as it's sunday that means a new challenge at corrosive challenges and this week the challenge is the man the myth the legend.......tim holtz. you are to use at least one tim holtz product on your project.
in between
so we are back on the task of raising as much funds as possible for a further search.
basically i'm a pimp.
this year there is going to be a twohour awards show – well maybe ten minutes of actually awarding awards in the middle of a twohour comedy variety show – at the edinburgh fringe on friday th august.
my other main work in progress is to make some extra mini quilts i may possibly need some extras for my friends. and i need a travel bag accessories for my sewing supplies (i just realized katy might be somewhat responsible on that front too) and there are a couple of young women i might need to finish presents for. i will be sewing this week and weekend when i am not working like mad. it is all so worth it i will soon be in london.
jenn and i got some great lettuce carrots purple onions with long green stalks on them and some mesquite flour. mesquite can be used a bunch of ways in the kitchen is gluten free and has an almost chocolate coffee sweet taste to it. organizations like desert harvesters collect what is cast off in our neighborhoods and grind it up. if you are nonlocal and want to try some go to mesquiteflour.com. they are a southern arizona company and they can ship to anywhere. we put it on some steaks last night as a flavor rub and it was awesome.
pours a hazy orange with a huge foamy white head three fingers thick dissipating to a finger of lacing foam. sugary resiny nose with toffee and caramel. mild vaporous alcohol and a touch of residual hops but not much present.
we the reader do not transform the words on the page of scripture into god's word when it suits us or when they 'speak to me'. the nature of scripture is such that contact with scripture will change the one who loves it. i like this bit reading scripture as one who does not love it will not result in change there is an appropriate way to read to approach scripture. the lover of scripture is transformed by it.
forcefully walking windward
karen krasne is the owner and executive chef of extraordinary desserts san diego’s number one destination restaurant for desserts for the last twenty years. her cakes have graced the cover of bon appetit and forbes recognized her as one of the country’s ten best pastry chefs. she has been featured in the new york times gourmet sunset and the los angeles times among other publications. tina wright is a professional pastry chef and coauthor of two books. a graduate of the institute for culinary education she helped write the pastry curriculum for the french culinary institute in new york.
i think this is more interesting than “watch michel roux jr cook a dish go over to your cooking station and read the recipe then use the ingredients the bbc have picked out for you”.
her birthday fell on fathers day which she found very amusing for some reason daddy would have to share his day with her day we started off with presents for daddy but then the day was all hers. she got loads of presents of course and we had the family over for a long relaxed lunchfternoon.
season tickets (singlenon renewable) $ each
to which i reply “i’m walking out of the stall.”
so when i saw a tank top on sale for $ at top shop i knew i had to buy it. it doesn’t matter that it’s the middle of winter and summer is only a faint dream at this point. it doesn’t matter that i shouldn’t be spending money on things i don’t absolutely need right now. all that matters is that it’s a $ shirt and i’ve never had one of those before.
yesterday was my one year anniversary at lifetime with weight watchers and i have way too many words for it to be a wordless wednesday. last night was also the same night of the year in review: red carpet debut.
and the big buttercream breakthrough
i think the only other thing to say about writing this book was how fab it was to be working alongside other authors both from a fangirl point of view but also because of the support we gave each other. i was in regular handholding contact with kate hewitt and carole mortimer and sharon kendrick and it really did make the whole thing seem like quite an adventure. the best bit of which is now when i get to actually read the books i got such tantalising glimpses into back then (am currently loving sharon's book kat's pride. kat is a fantastic heroine. and as for carlos... *fans self* off to read more...)
lv – excadrill (bread and butter – x scissor killed most of the elite )
verdict: the apples are not too sweet and the boiled cider really makes the flavor buds pop. the pancake has a custardlike texture and the lemon juice gives a perfect brightness to this dish. next time i'll remember to add the cinnamon into the apple mixture. i might double the apples too. this is a hit and i intend to make this more often. you could definitely have some fun by adding raisins in desired (and we love them) and even a scoop of vanilla to serve this as a dessert.
tomorrow is a big game where max may start against a good hitting team from a town that is always a power house. isn’t it always that way? but now that i have seen how politically jammed up these town sports are it doesn’t surprise me. you tend to get groups of guys entrenched for years and if they are good for the boys then you have a long run of good outcomes and if they are not so good then you tend have the families scattering and leaving the town team for club teams. in max’s town i think there are or families that have bolted in years if you include up a level or out to club teams. will the town examine this and ask the tough question of why this may be happening? what do you think? haha. –fog
third prize: (yes) a signed paperback of housewife with a halflife
did you know...
the proper place for little children is in a loving home
science’s greatest and most pragmatic assumption for us is that there is a world about which we can know something. descartes’ cogito ergo sum takes our egos – the “i” – as the first proof for this assumption. setting aside the problems associated with this leap in logic we can ask how are we to represent the role of the ego within this lineage of which western science is still very much a part in many ways? science seems to have ignored the words of its guru
they point out that the application site forms part of the strategic gap identified by the adur district council local plan to ensure that shoreham and lancing remain as distinct separate conurbations. this has had indirect benefits for the np enabling a strip of largely
therefore thus says the lord who redeemed abraham concerning the house of jacob: " . . . they will hallow my name and hallow the holy one of jacob and fear the god of israel. these also who erred in spirit will come to understanding and those who complained will learn doctrine.” (is. )
except inside my head
peter magliocco
this past weekend was graduation for our local high school. it made me remember jessica's graduation four years ago. the night before she was home because none of her friends were going out (she said it was so they could "rest" but i think it was because no one wanted to risk getting in trouble right before graduation). i was getting things ready for her party and she was following me around asking to help because she was so bored. she even played games with maddy before she just couldn't take it anymore. "i need some excitement i'm so boooooored"
i've previously highlighted some of the better attempts at this (see paul simon blondie and johnny nash) however i felt it was high time i trained the spotlight on some of the more dreadful attempts of what the brits call 'cod reggae' (which is a term i have always loved). this list is neither exhaustive or complete and focuses on the late 's and 's. (i'll look to do a similar post for the 's and 's in the new year). with reggae making real inroads in the u.k. and the u.s. musically in the late 's to mid 's i looked for reggae and caribbean music from the era that actually did the genre no favors artistically. so without further ado i present a selection of some of the worst attempts to play this beautiful music. consider yourself warned
i'm a peoplepleaser.
what is intellectual property anyway? intellectual property (ip) refers to something you create and includes: inventions works of literature and art symbols names images and designs used in your business. but how do you protect these creations from others who might copy them. we’ve all seen the street vendors pushing “rolexx” watches and “fenndi” handbags. ip can be divided into two categories:
the results challenge a widespread assumption that acts of generosity and charity are largely driven by feelings of empathy and compassion researchers said. in the study the link between compassion and generosity was found to be stronger for those who identified as being nonreligious or less religious.
the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya ( ) is an absolutely fantastic anime series which began as a light novel and then a manga series by nagaru tanigawa. it is one of the best series to come from japan. really. check it out
each of the chicks is a different shade which is adorable. i love that they look like a rainbow variety pack.
i'd come to see dr guoqing pan. during my planning of this trip i had been monitoring the papers on sericulture coming from china in an effort to find the best place to go. i'd noticed there were several papers coming from chongqing and so i'd emailed a professor there and eventually received a reply from one of his colleagues.
i'm very excited about his challenge and have already started working on my first entry. i was very pleasantly surprised to see some of our members had already completed at least one item for the challenge. one of the things i love about these challenges is that they bring out the creativity in all of us often pushing us to try new things and test our skills in new ways. it's always interesting to see other people's interpretation of the theme. you can be sure to see plenty of unique beautiful and often whimsical pieces from our members
what other spokespeoplerand ambassadors do you enjoy seeing? what companiesrands would you like to see go the route of ford and get a mike roweesque bump?
goodbye to boring calculations
will never disappear
i received a notification from a group i sometimes attend. a woman who i didn’t really know lost her son in a suicide bombing in afghanistan.
"windy city" chicago cubs & chicago white sox
ps: if you already have a personal btwb account you can still sign up with crossfit assault as your gym. apparently btwb will then reimburse you but ask tammy about the details…she asked their customer support about that.
"but what does it mean? what does it mean?" we cried.
here:
in this story a mermaid is lured to the circus but misses the sea. her escape is thwarted until an acrobat teaches her to walk on her hands. tricky i don’t think many infant classes contain two children who can do this.
saturday was fine nothing terribly exciting happened. i felt like my throat was a bit more soar but again no big deal. i was blaming the scratchy feeling i had on allergies or something.
although campaigners claim that hundreds of young girls are already being passed around men within the asian community for sex she said that attempts to raise the problem with community leaders had met with little success with most of them being in a state of denial about it.
there is a scary corner in his bathroom. right now there is a rolled up large ikea rug toilet plunger and random plastic bags in it. the rug is from our old house years ago and has not been unrolled. maybe i could get rid of it or use it. i'm not ready to make a decision yet. so there.
mitten clips (also found in the sewing supply section of joann's)
you can also sneak around. shoot from far away with a long lens. you can stand far away and capture moments from people when they have no idea that you're photographing them. you can get the best pictures of people when they don't know that you're taking them. go into stealth mode. catch moments through windows. capture times when people are way into something and focused there.
since we were put on the spot we did not have much time to think so we made a few regretable choices. we wish we would have chose melbourne instead of sydney for our destination because it is closer to tasmania; we chose the date of november when we really should have chosen december or at least some date later in november. we thought november was three months later since we did not have much time to think about the situation and i am horrible at math
. don’t push it came third last year and is now retired. a p (tony) mccoy rode the gelding gaining a first success at the th attempt. o’neill’s other victories at the aintree festival as a trainer include quazar in the john smith’s anniversary yo novices’ hurdle in clan royal in the john smith’s topham chase iris’s gift () and black jack ketchum () in the citroen c sefton novices’ hurdle iris’s gift in the john smith’s liverpool long distance hurdle exotic dancer () in the betfred bowl and albertas run() in the melling chase. his cheltenham festival victories include five wins in the national hunt chase the jcb triumph hurdle with spectroscope the ladbrokes world hurdle with iris’s gift and the three victories of albertas run in the rsa chase () and the ryanair chase ( & ). this season synchronised a coral welsh national winner has improved further capturing the grade one lexus chase at leopardstown over christmas and the betfred cheltenham gold cup at the festival. john smith’s grand national record: carbury cross (th); clan royal (nd) joss naylor (pu bef th); 
robert mugabe's critics are praying for zimbabwe's banks to finally completely crash – and that day may not be far off.
so... really the burger king play place is not much different from a mcdonalds play place. but if you're tired of mcdonalds you may be glad to try the burger king one out for a change of pace
play the fixed routine when needed it helps to keep you hidden among the crowd but always be ready and willing to step beyond the limitations of tick tock control at a moments notice fringe dwellers warriors and spiritual beings move quickly and fluidly without question and fear…trust and belief and loyalty to spirit and god are the essential traits needed to do this..never think routine is healthy..it is not..we are fed this grand lie in order to bring us in line and keep us locked into the matrix and its illusions of freedom and how great this system we live in is…moving when needed and required is the only way to break this illusion and control.
nfl comparison: lance moore
ann nesby & jasper street co. ~ praisin’ his name (grant nelson mix) ~ basement boys records god’s house records ~ 
phew. her definition of fat and my definition of fat are definitely different. happy to say i was not too “fat” to skydive.
ebook: january 
“wait” seth begged. “i don’t understand.”
when finished i asked the students to trade with other pairs and read what they wrote. then i had students share some of their sentences with the class and i asked a few questions. the students handed the papers in so i could look through them then i posted them on a bulletin board.
we were destined…
**i used gruyere in place of fontina because i had a block in the fridge. fontina melts beautifully and would be amazing in this recipe but unlike gruyere it can be difficult to find unless you are visiting a specialty shop.
anyway today i have the revlon scented polishes that were realeased last year. you know i'm actually not sure what the collection was actually called. all the polishes have fizz in the name.... all the polishes are fruit scents and rather sheer glass flecks.
ma queue perd son alcool
in fact those who promoted contraception claimed it would help marriages;
i had the great pleasure of demonstrating some advanced factchecking tools for andy’s jomc studentsditors. as our students have hundreds of terrific resources available to them the first thing i did was create a web page of unc and north carolina resources relevant to their needs.
face our nations
i's plum tuckered out and all ready to quit.
maybe a dress from ghost; that doyenne of the middle age float.
they are our employees dammit not our rulers. as a sovereign citizen i owe no respect or allegiance to judicial fiat and no duty to obey any statutes rules or regulations common sense alone would deem unconstitutional with regard to original intent. born a freeman in the land of the free and the home of the brave color me an unchained and incurably contumacious patriot who has had quite enough of such tomfoolery. if we somehow survive the looming constitutional crisis resolving this issue should be paramount in the aftermath.
i broke out of my shell last semester but this year i want to talk to students i don’t know at all. writing about someone i do not know and then highlighting their accomplishments as a leader is a fun opportunity that allows me a chance to build my writing skills. it should also encourage me to step out of the box a little bit and use different approaches to blog the info.
but then that's what plastic lens and toy camera shooting is all about isn't it? you have to have a decent subject and choose good angles and lighting. but then the holga diana whatever does it's thing with the light leaks vignettes and warping and xpro does its thing with the colour. since each one is so unpredictable that's what makes it special.
there might be more sometime.
is this a kingdom? then give death the crown
so i got a new phone last week. all excited i got home and psyched myself up to do the whole backuptheoldphoneandrestoretonewphone thingymajig. suddenly at the end of the back up my laptop tells me that there was some sort of error do i want to retry? apprehensively i say yes and all seems fine. i then wipe my old phone as my hubby wants to use it and copy his information onto my old phone. switch it on and hey presto – all is well. i then turn on my new phone and…
heres the dolls dream rr journal which i will not see untill completed in a few months time..
it took us all afternoon. we didn't finish up until almost pm we came inside and grabbed my basket and headed out to the bark park. when we got there we saw lots of pups rocky was there. benry was there. cheyenne stuie and gizzy were there oh and their hubro was there with his dog too i played with my ball for a while and ben kind of played with me. every one else left and it was just ben and i so we ran around chasing each other and chasing my ball. his mom said she may try to bring him to the lake and see if he will swim with me on sunday i hope he gets to come play i know he will love swimming
but i promised myself i wouldn't do that to the girls.
do not be deceived: ‘bad company ruins good morals.’ – corinthians :
as explained the main benefit is the packaging of these units. typically linear dampers are operated by rockers and the dampers are then either laid across the top of the gearbox or sit vertically (requiring a recess in the top of the gearbox case). either option carries complications in the cars structure or aero. with a rotary damper the unit forms both the rocker and the damper and takes up far less volume.
that’s what she thinks.
i’ve always struggled with my weight; i’ve never had an actual problem with it. i think it was my mom’s fault. (sorry mom) she had my sister and then me one after another as soon as she got married and then never got back down to her prebaby weight. no wait–she had body issues even before she was married. but becoming overweight and then obese sure didn’t help her issues. i grew up hearing how fat she was. somehow–i don’t know. maybe i can’t translate this to mom’s issues. maybe i was just born with the same issues she was born with.
was there something inherently wrong with my personality that causes people to not see the real me but see whatever they see to treat me how they please?
in just a couple of days we will pack up what we need for now and move in with family and reconnect with each other. i will be able to appreciate my job as a mother again.
best news report
d they would have been happy to have cheered for a winner.
check out this laughably sexist early seventies tv spot touting braniff international stewardesses and their midflight "air strip." i'm not sure you could even get away with this in a beer commercial today.
mumford
. send more of the cards out to people on birthdays ans other occasions.
a tough guy in a brutal world marlowe ruminates on his life as a private detective:you don’t get rich you don’t often have much fun. sometimes you get beaten up or shot at or tossed into the jailhouse. once in a long while you get dead. every other month you decide to give it up and find some sensible occupation while you can still walk without shaking your head. ()the perennial theme of his novels is “bigcity loneliness.” marlow “experiences the wry pain of a sensitive man coping with the roughest elements of a corrupt society” (macdonald ). but he never gives up his battle for justice in an unjust world.
ok now onto the other things that filled my weekend. on sunday my aunt came over and we made hair bows for her tball team because she's a coach of an all girls tball team named the ladybugs and they have their first game this evening. we had so much fun making the hair bows. we found a tutorial on line that we followed so if i can find it again i will definitely link back to it.
lol sorry i have always wondered. the things that entertain me now lol
and then the heat 'tween a callgirls knees and beyond.
of course the congressional budget office chimed in. mark steyn reminded us that the cbo are “the same nonpartisan beancounters who project that the entire u.s. economy will cease to exist in .” they predict that “obama’s buffett rule will raise…$. billion per year. or what the united states government currently borrows every hours. so in years it will have raised enough additional revenue to pay off the federal budget deficit. if you want to mark it on your calendar years is the year .”
:
aguilar was stucked on the bench of tnt preventing him to improve and mature. but how can this thing happen?
outside gradually the colour of the sea changed from blue to green. first the white foam at the ship’s bow turned darker and more sludgy and then around pm that night to muddy brown. we were in the mouth of the amazon. there was an entirely different look no swell on the sea just calm and flat and smooth.
in a move of extraordinary strength i’m planning on saving some of my samples to share with friends when i return home… if i return home. at the moment i’m writing this at a gazebo in the park off of mission (think gilmore girls only danish) across from an antique shop with a bell tower. it’s amazing how a quick day trip like this can help me shake off the stress and weight of daytoday life—no worrying about careers relationships or missed opportunities. i just let everything go. everyone needs an escape and i’m definitely planning my next one. after all there are a lot of bakeries book stores antique shops and wine bars yet to be conquered
then he stepped away and gawked at her nakedness. katarina watched him out of the corner of her eye. his mouth gaped open saliva forming in the hollows of his lips in preparation for an allout invasion. katarina could feel his gaze focused on her rear on the delicate flesh of her womanhood that glistened in the early morning sunlight.
holy damn will
snow is as much of a character in the shining as a member of the family. it creates the whole set piece and functions as a plot device as danny runs from jack in the hedge maze and covers his tracks with snow. cold cold snow. i think about that in the middle of a snowstorm when i'm in my house. these would be the people i'd stuck with. and it's always good to come up with a plan if one of them goes crazy. and you had better hope they do. because if someone doesn't flip a logic switch that means you're the crazy one.
will also need a inch loose bottom flan tin.
do you have any special ways to beat the hype of excessive gifts?
it has now come to light that zuma has decided to write off some debt owed by his communist friends in cuba. the gesture was applauded by the national union of mineworkers of south africa (numsa) for reasons among others that the cuban people under the leadership of commandate fidel castro ruz were with them in the battle of cuito cuanavale and also with them in the military camps in zambia tanzania and other parts of the world while they were fighting the ‘evil’ apartheid regime. i also noticed that cuba’s mythical victory at the battle of cuito cuanavale was also repeated again and broadly published in the media today.
making your metal shine
"beam her to sickbay" wes tells the computer.
*belhaven scottish ale … scotland; .% … $.$$
place dumplings on a baking sheet and brush with the beaten egg. bake for minutes or until pastry is golden and the apples are just tender. insert a toothpick to be sure. serve warm with vanilla ice cream.
he was trying to find his place in the whirl of humanity while at the same time refining the literary riffs that filled up page after page of his journals. here’s a passage from another section of that same letter:
a good friend of mine was so kind to lend me some of her stamping stuff and one of her stamps was a beautiful butterfly this is what i made with it . . .
buzzzzzzzzzzzz.
i don't home school because of fear. i home school because i feel it is in the best interest of my little chicks. my husband and i get to be the "heat lamp" on them over the most important shaping years of their life. we represent a safe place for them to grow feathers. and when it is time...they will be cage free
genres : action comedy
holloway transit owner richard holloway and his son jeff holloway spoke to the county board of education about the devices saying “we’re thrilled with them to be honest with you. we’ve had them on our motor coaches for some years. we’re not fearful of it. i’ve heard a gamut of things from people opposed to it but by and large it’s been good for us. i like being able to monitor our buses.”
gps carers and disability groups were invited to have a look around the mobile dental trailer and see how southern health services can be used to benefit those who may not normally be able to access dental care.
there'll be a few other changes happening soon too...we do like to keep you on your toes lol
) there is national health service which is absolutely free for emergencies should you have the misfortune to need it. the hospitals are top class matching and exceeding private health care in za. most wards will not only provide top notch medical attention but also frills such as tv and internet access at your bedside. the nhs is also pretty good for other day to day medical cares.
during the old testament period god gave laws to the hebrews to help them live righteous lives. he instituted animal sacrifices which the hebrews were to make as offerings for sin. these sacrifices were a prefiguration of christ’s sacrifice to prepare the people of god to understand and accept the meaning of christ’s death on the cross. but neither the sacrifices nor the laws were able to restore mankind to the state he had lost at the fall.
because you never forget watching your child have the time of their life.
first time through:
dream job?: photographer
according to wikipedia “a typical species becomes extinct within million years of its first appearance although some species called living fossils survive virtually unchanged for hundreds of millions of years. most extinctions have occurred naturally prior to homo sapiens walking on earth: it is estimated that .% of all species that have ever existed are now extinct.”
now adhere the top cover to the base you’ve already created then add more gaffer tape to the spine giving your book its binding.
making sure you get the cooking time right on these was crucial too little and they'll be too runny too much and they'll be just like cakes (not so bad) but if you want the perfect gooey brownie they need a carfeul watch. i checked mine for wobbl every minutes or so after the first mins of baking.
nebuchadnezzar tested his counselors by pretending to forget his dream. this was somewhat of a double test: could they tell him what the dream had been and could they then tell him a believable interpretation of it? if we suppose that satan was behind this scheme then it is important to note that he was willing to kill all his false prophets just to get rid of four righteous servants of god.
where: n
without further ado here is my spring mantel. it is my spring break and i finally have the time to decorate i have been coveting simplicity and clean colors and it shows in my mantel.
martha stewart double border punch infinite loops
homeopathic remedies for laryngitis include:
do we forget our dreams or does unschooling keep mummy's dream alive?
a raft of illustrious guest players on board this time 'big names'
golmaal returns came up with great excitement since people was impatiently waiting for another comedy masala of rohit shetty. it did have the same basic starring as part i had. ajay devgan tushaar kapoor arshad warsi came in to the scene with the exception of laxman role that played by shreyas talpade which were previously played by sherman joshi. such alternation was not digestible but good acting of shreyas talpade was appreciable to some extent. apart from this numerous addition we had to explore like plenty of heroins kareena kapoor amrita aroora celina jaitley plenty of song collection. all over it was good comedy masala but inspite of such great additions people missed the charm of golmaal.
edward kaspel is obsessive. he lives for music: in the first year of squatting in amsterdam he went without food in order to plough all his slim resources into the dotsand even his girlfriend has difficulty preventing him from spending his food money on obscure albums of experimental music. and kaspel attracts obsessives. fanzine writers pen lengthy treatises interpreting the densely woven tapestry of his lyrics (whose themes crisscross from album to album to form an ongoing mythworld). others engage with the music in a rather more negative fashion.
i am just % stoked after today even though it was something so little. a while back my boyfriend helped me free jump yves through a shoot and the results were interesting. yves was obviously green and unsure though the raw materials (i.e. ability to pick up legs) seemed to be there. most importantly though he didn't seem to actually like it...
"being lost." she entreated.
here are my dh's cousin's daughters at the tivoli the older girl is the same as in my csi page "ice cream". don't you just loooove the look on their faces oooh joy and happiness
explode and reflect on a solid black river.
like rich she believes that america is nothing but a proposition nation as she thinks that our universities and our job market ought to be open to more educated foreigners regardless of what that means for american citizens who get pushed out or replaced.
the man reflected for a moment. very was his answer. very badass.
while hecht and colleagues assert that “smokeless tobacco is carcinogenic to humans causing oral pancreatic and esophageal cancer” a comprehensive study of cancer risks among smokeless users (here) documented no significant risk for any of these cancers. there is virtually no evidence that current tsna levels are associated with any significant cancer risks. reducing current levels cannot lower an immeasurable cancer risk.
spend $ on participating nivea products get $ ecb (limit ) deal scenario: buy () nivea lip care products use () $ in rp or $ printable couponsfinal price: as low as ¢ each
his phone. he found in on the bedside locker. hers was the last number he had dialled he hit the redial button almost convinced there would be no answer.
so now on to the last challenge....
skip spoke to his father often in emails about that kill about every subsequent one and about all the ugliness he witnessed in a faraway land.
. the big one: dear readers i am pregnant at this point about weeks. in the middle of everything i have some rather serious bleeding. an emergency scan reveals that the foetus is ok but i am ordered to bed; no travelling.
(this tactic only works however if a. your female. and b. your breast are bigger then a size a.)
speaker: david hofferberth service performance insight
job for which they are meant. and
i'll leave you with a new collage i just finished one of the small ones i think of as studies or experiments. to be honest i had no idea where this one was going and i'm not sure if it's arrived there yet.
ok is this weird? i think it might be a little but at least its not the actual garbage. that would be ultra weird. hmmm let me know what you think
"pooling together: ip as hero or villain?
not if i can help it. i shuffle off from the back of the hall just as the delegates are going to have a vote on what will be the protected bird of betazoid the woody wood pigeon or the fanta orangebird.
keeping the lines of communication with god open will help eliminate misunderstandings before they happen. the holy spirit really is our attitude regulator. as long as we keep our hearts in tune we won’t unknowingly override his gentle promptings. o lord do good to those who are good whose hearts are in tune with you. psalm : (nlt) misunderstandings often occur when we are too busy to pay full attention to what’s being said. the stress and tension that miscommunication can create may put a strain on even the strongest relationships. when you are feeling overwhelmed or agitated from the daily demands of your responsibilities take a quick moment of reflection before engaging in a conversation you expect may be frustrating. by reflecting on god’s word you will be better prepared to resist the temptation to “jump to conclusions.” don’t allow your day to be hijacked by a wouldbe joy robber when god has given you the mind of christ. the minute you start to feel your peace slip away take a minute to ask the holy spirit to help you pull yourself together. don’t wait until you’ve responded inappropriately before you consider correcting your disposition.
the pace is slow matching the drift of motes in sunlight. birkin meets another young vet moon (kenneth branagh) who has been paid to dig up the lost grave of a rich townie's ancestor. moon is like birkin still damaged from the war though the quality of his suffering becomes an unexpected parallel with the mysterious artist's life. birkin when not drinking tea with moon or brushing turpentine onto plaster falls into quiet intense love with the vicar's wife alice keach (natasha richardson).
a quick update
in less than two weeks (on march th to be exact) i'll be turning . almost two decades on this earth.
as sunday rolls to a close i thought i would share some of the images i captured in my varied and busy weekend. i was most relieved on friday afternoon to end my work week. it had been exhausting and challenging on several levels but i decided that instead of thinking about the “issues” all weekend i would do as my savior tells me to do and cast my worries him. you know i must say when practiced this works i am feeling refreshed on many levels this evening and ready to begin the week afresh tomorrow.
stars (out of ): ****
i will hold you together even when you feel it is broken beyond repair
children have a way of making everything seem right. even with mischievous smirks and remarks they somehow make you right again. i will miss every moment spent with those kids and i intend to continue volunteering there next semester – it was the one thing i really looked forward to every week and it was the one thing that make every worry dissipate.
“as a journalist my instinct tells me that the muffin story was just a bit too good to be true” says pexton. as it turns out the entire cost for refreshments at the meeting was $. per person per day within federal guidelines. why the false report which media outlets failed to check with the hilton hotel involved? because the hotel’s were imprecise: coffee and fruit were provided free and all fees were allocated to the muffins croissants bagels brownies and cookies provided for morning and afternoon refreshment.
there are just too many variables… the only thing i do know is that i’d be toast.
book week is a great example of community engagement and thanks to all our teachers for making our day a fun one.
in metronew york.
secondly there is no way singaporeans can compete with foreigners in terms of cost because they do not have a family here and they can easily support them back home with their meager pay earned in singapore.
grapefruit. the one citrus you can apply to your body and it won’t burn. a drop on each wrist this will definitely get you feeling upbeat again
(oh and i'm not actually entered in the giveaway if you happen to notice my name on the entry list... confession this is my first time using rafflecopter so i had to check it out and make sure my settings were correct. hehe)
sentiments (stampin' up)
i don't yet have everything i'd like from the new mini so i took my colour inspiration from one of the designer papers in there called sweet shop which i'll show you when i do have them the colours are lucky limeade pool party calypso coral wisteria wonder whisper white and soft suede. how lucky that we have another pack of papers in the idea book and catalogue using some of these colours: domestic goddess:
honestly i don't think there exists a better series of bollywood compilations than this... now in its th volume. so good you almost want to see the films. right?
considering all the benefits of eurycoma longifolia we can say that it is actually one of the most powerfulherbs and effective presentation. the growing popularity led to the collection is this herb and in many countries was declared a protected plant. all in all it's worth trying to get this herb especially for men over to consent to their testosterone levels.
if my ideas are not phone or web based then they are usually in written form. i love to write poetry.
it’s customary for the bride’s sister to be maid or matron of honor and if she has more than one sister for the role to be shared between them. regardless of how close you are it’s probably best to ask your sister to stand with you at the altar especially if it will cause a family rift if you don’t.
 to pm lunch—to avoid long lunch lines we recommend ordering subs ahead of time and eating at the debence. soft drinks and water will be provided. if you want a pizza there is a pizza shop just down the street.
generally you do not have as a style rich to accomplish as well as wristband for all cars or trucks.
clues can be straightforward or cryptic. you can also include map coordinates or compass bearings from landmarks. think about using wordplay in your clues as well as multiple choice questions or poetry. if your group is doing a themebased activity base your clues around that same theme. or write a story and incorporate landmarks into it with various turns and paces thrown in. clues can even be based on sights smells sounds & textures of nature (rippling water smooth white bark).
male questioner with clothes: “when you were first looking at the painting of st eustace it was a lifechanging moment but i was wondering how long you were looking at it for and how you were feeling.”
hugo chavez has disappeared. no one has seen hide nor hair of the cancerstricken venezualean presidentforlife in over a week. allegedly he is in cuba for another round of massive radiation treatments at havana's secretive chenobyl memorial cancer research center.
bake at for minutes then reduce to for remaining minutes uncovering for the last minutes.
not sure how many of you faithful blog readers knew but i once again retook the praxis exam on march . it was a quiet day and has been a quiet time leading up to this exam that will set me free from my college education. a week before the praxis i had dreamt that i had over slept and missed the exam. as i awoke to complete panic i soon realized that i still had one more week before the exam. once again the very next night i had another dream to which i woke up very discouraged. i had dreamt that i had (at least) made it to my exam but was given the results that i did not pass (once again). i decided to push these thoughts aside and continue to not think or care about the upcoming praxis i would take again for a third time. the saturday of the th arrived and i carelessly went and took my test. with only minutes until the timer went off i managed to finish the test before time was called. time was called and i turned in the exam and walked away with a thought that i don't care. whatever happens will happen. this third time around i had been telling people (if the topic of my test came up and was rarely brought up by me) i was not studying and i was not going to use any religion. last time i had studied and used all that religious stuff to only get me a score that was worse then the first time i took the test. now please don't misunderstand the "no religion" bit. during this time of much trial (as i see my life right now to which some of you are probably thinking "gee's libby it's a test get over it" believe me i wish i could...) i have turned to a wonderful talk that came out just before i left on mission many years ago. the talk was give by one of my favorite apostles of the church of jesus christ of latter day saints elder oaks. the talk entitled "timing" has made me realize that i am not in control at all
 rope
and six to turn and flee
this was taken by my friend and fellow photography hobbyist jim collier. (hope you don't mind me using this here jim)
mitzy is fascinated with the catsi dont think she has ever seen them before and she is making great efforts to make friends.
(using both summer games and sunny day)
people of faith have supernatural experiences all the time. god is himself supernatural after all. how else would he communicate with us? the experiences of st. faustina st. bernadette the students of kibeho sister agnes of akito the shepherd children of fatima and many many others are mighty demonstrations of the power of heaven when it wants to get earth's attention. each of us who strives to live a devout life could i'm sure talk about varying degrees of supernatural experiences as well though we hesitate to share our stories with anyone.
first of all there was the necklace (because i do love a new challenge and decided recently that i could be a master jewellary maker) i've bought a few bits and pieces over the last couple of months to get me started with my new hobby and have been perusing craft magazines and the accesories departments of the shops for inspiration. i have thoughts on a memorywire bracelet and am writing down other ideas as i have them to put by for later when my skills and materials have caught up with my imagination
over the years i’ve bought house by the river three times on dvd before finding a copy that i consider acceptable. the us edition from kino is a weak interlaced transfer while the french disc boasts a far stronger image but has forced subtitles that can’t be switched off easily. however last year’s release by sinister films in italy is an excellent alternative looking as though it’s been taken from the same source as the french version. the film has been transferred progressively and the image is sharp and detailed with only very minor print damage. the italian subtitles are optional and can be turned off via the setup menu. by way of extras the disc also features a conversation between lang and william friedkin focusing on the director’s time in germany and lasts around minutes – a most welcome addition. there’s also an inlay card that folds out into a miniature reproduction of the original poster art. all in all this is a movie that i’m quite fond of – i’ve highlighted the reasons why i don’t see it as one of lang’s best efforts but there’s still a lot to enjoy and admire. for those who don’t yet have the film or others dissatisfied with the editions they already own i recommend checking out the italian disc.
of course there's always the possibility that some sociopaths will be psychopaths sortof a twoforone deal....
the progression of life must be viewed as a flow
in fact the home page of the website reads as follows: “westport cafe & bar is a casual parisstyle bistro that offers an american menu with classic french inspiration and preparations. simple quality ingredients are braised grilled poached confit or cured in the same oldworld techniques that have been practiced by the french masters for years.”
anyhow now the bit you've all really been waiting for ;) the winner is...
“we stones are old and our memories are long though not as long as the memory of the twinkling stars who remember all. only the mountain lords speak with the stars for that is their wont but we old stones speak to the earth and learn.
god usually has a way of humbling us when elevate ourselves over others and treat them in a condescending and humiliating manner. god mocks proud mockers but gives grace to the humble.
i am not busking in amsterdam right now.
i had actually told myself i’m no longer going to any gig that i don’t get paid to do but seeing as dr malinga is a homeboy and represents pitori i thought ag wth let me just go. i actually have to give props to apk records cause after the mahoota saga they actually upped their game and tried to brush up their reputation by bringing dj sbu then dr malinga and now we hear black coffee is next on the th of may.
the probability of miracles by wendy wunder is a fast paced book that you won't want to put down. wunder manages to capture the perfect place with her detailed yet simple writing that will capture your attention and make you want to read on.
before we left on the trip it was agreed that whoever was driving would control the music. since cpt. delta and i used to prank each other a bit i carefully selected a few cassette tapes that were calculated to irritate him.
whilst attempting to defend disability benefits byrne still advocates some level of reform to disability benefit. the details of which are ignored. yes let’s not forget that labour brought in esa used atos and still haven’t turned their back on this. there’s a long way to go before we have adequate mainstream representation within parliament fighting for groups such as disabled people. too much focus on those with the money. corrupt and perverse. furthermore there is a focus upon those trying to do the ‘decent’ thing and save up money. what about those who can’t afford to save up money? those who will have to choose out of cutting down their food or leaving their house because of the housing benefit changes?
 small garlic clove chopped
initially maybe it seems like a silly question. maybe you are sitting there saying "hey pat all they ever drink in the bible is wine jesus wouldn't want a beer" well friend i beg to differ. michael m. homan associate professor of hebrew bible at xavier university of louisiana in new orleans believes that ancient israelites proudly drank beer especially on the sabbath. he even notes bible passages that suggest people drink beer to ease their troubles. it makes sense; beer is said to be the oldest brewed beverage in human history and the first brewing activity has been traced back as far as the sixth millennium bc in ancient iran and egypt. predating the use of hops in beer these brews were typically made using herbs fruit and honey.
studies have shown that red light cameras don’t improve safety. automated ticketing deprives motorists of their rights to due process. voters have been rejecting red light cameras in a nationwide backlash and contract disputes with private camera companies have led to expensive lawsuits. knowing all that why would we use red light cameras to punish minorities and the urban poor with a new form of geographical racial profiling another layer of surveillance and a type of regressive taxation by citation?
in public places they now demand the right to smoke.
. starting off with a chip on your shoulder isn’t a fun way to experience life. carrying the burden of anger is heavy and tiresome. it becomes very difficult to relate to people. the really tough part is putting anger down to actually listen to someone trying to help.
it is a recently rediscovered ancient “grain” once considered “the gold of the incas” who recognized its value in increasing the stamina of their warriors.
summer is here but thankfully the humidity hasn’t kicked in yet. for now it’s just regular ol’ dry heat so i’m willing to push through the discomfort to reach my goals. once the humidity comes i may have to consider running indoors if the heat index gets near (or over) out. i want to reach my goals but not at the risk of getting heat stroke. i’m motivated not stupid…just sayin’.
the filmmakers director james mcteigue and writers ben livingstone and hannah shakespeare don’t try to recast poe’s character as a superhero or give the movie poe attributes that the real poe didn’t or couldn’t possess. as mentioned before the filmmakers stick fairly accurately to the known elements of poe’s last few days although there are some artistic liberties taken and they still present an entertaining movie with a few twists and turns as to who the murderer is.
and very hard to achieve.
in the above passage books and rookie deputy sheriff beth tanner who books is mentoring have arrested a suspect and are preparing to transport him to police headquarters for questioning. deputy tanner wants to immediately advise the culprit of his constitutional rights commonly known as the miranda warnings. books however insists on transporting the prisoner without giving him his miranda warnings hoping that he says something incriminating on the drive to the station. the two have a testy exchange with tanner accusing him of engaging in unethical behavior. the experienced if somewhat cynical books puts an end to the disagreement by telling the rookie cop that he will use whatever tools he has available so long as they stay inside the rules.
in america you probably only heard of joseph kony and the lra when conservative windbag rush limbaugh spoke out in defense of kony on the grounds that kony was a “christian fighting muslims.” this vitriol was made in response to president obama authorizing the deployment of combatequipped u.s. troops to central africa to help ugandan forces hunt this evil down in october of . one hundred troops? we sent far more than that to die in iraq for bush’s oil.
hardy is talking with devon. devon has always told him the truth for years. they have been close together roomed together trained together. he isn’t going to turn his back on him but there is no way he will allow jeff to throw this away. they have had matches that nobody can touch. he knows the jeff hardy that can be the showstopper he knows the jeff hardy that can put things together at a whim so go be that jeff hardy. he isn’t going to turn his back but rather grab him by the throat and yank him off that freaking wall. let’s do this because at the end of the day if he does this again it will be over. if jeff needs devon he has his back.
there was one common thread in all of these songs. outside of the obvious overt corniness of every single line and every single lyric...i sat down to write a song and i finished it and i had the confidence that someone else wanted to hear it.
betahcg
crazy about a woman
this week i thought i’d give you an impression of last week’s weather. blue skies sun snow and freezing. quite nice actually.
eventually my husband finished school with another two degrees and obtained employment. i loved my job but missed my kids. time to come back home. it was excruciating to leave to say the least but i still have some great friends that i’ve been able to keep in touch with. not to mention all the mad stamping skills i was able to develop and take with me.
for many years i’ve owned this set of batman forever ceramic mugs. i have never used them for drinking because that’d just be…weird. their likenesses always bothered me – the only one who really looks decent is the riddler. twoface looks more like keanu reeves than tommy lee jones. if only there were some way of gee i dunno…comparing the likenesses of the mugs to the actors themselves but using faultless computer logic…
some of the losses are as follows:
april: "where's this fucking place at i got shit to do. fucking dealing with you guys all fucking night."
woohoo i’m very excited
but here i am pushing sixty and what am i doing…? growing vegetables and making jam and chutney. the urge to do it crept up on me and was there before i even realised what was happening. so she was right.
man on ground a nigerianouth african xenophobiathemed coproduction won the special jury award – given for only the third time since the inception of amaa – and best supporting actor for south african fana mokoena.
for people overseas you can order from me.
i don’t know of such a celebration. usually i might do a bit of a search into our cultural history. but on this occasion let me refer to more contemporaneous culture. because my bluebell celebration would feel something like a sequence of patrick wolf songs:
i write for all the girls like me who curled up with books instead of boys dreaming of first kisses. i write for my little sister who has yet to find a boy who lives up to the heros in her books. i write for everyone who longs for adventure in their everyday lives.
and after that i’ll start blogging like a bride again. thanks for your patience y’all
keith emerson takes centre stage for the ‘piano improvisations’ on disc two although don’t go expecting gentle music all the way through as after all this is the man who regularly stabbed his keyboards on stage with knives ‘karn evil ’ is the other highlight and contains the immortal lines captured in the album’s title (and also used on bbc tv’s ‘generation game’ when it was revamped by elp fan jim davidson).
on the contrary.
sentiment "it's a boy" i embossed with gold powder and heat it
i am a wasp chewing an old fence post
and that as they say is the good news.
but anyways i have signed up to do the brentwood craft and gift fair again this christmas after a years break so am back to crocheting. yay i should hopefully be back a bit more often now.
hera is a queen of the people. a deity of the earth and all that entails. her eyes may rise above to perch among the heavens to watch the mortal realm beneath but her thighs are coated often in the dust from the earth below where she walks in silence down every road down every path to hell beneath. to watch the living. to watch the dead.
my eyes pop open
i sat on a curriculum planning team and got to see firsthand that the sequence and scaffolding of the concepts were well thoughtout. the ageappropriate lessons for th grade were extensions and expansions of the lessons for rd grade. the lessons for rd grade were extensions and expansions of the lessons for nd grade and so on up and down the line. i once had a discussion with clay shirky about math curriculum and he unequivocally told me that the current progression is about as good as he can imagine.
if you said the words “romantic moated manor house” a building like birtsmorton court might well come to mind. a structure that has evolved over seven or eight centuries this beautiful house is made up of a mixture of timberframed stone and brick wings all different but wonderfully harmonious set in quiet countryside and partly shaded by trees. birtsmorton may have been begun in th century but in the th it was bought by one john nanfan who rebuilt most of it. in subsequent centuries the house was home to various landed families (including relatives of richard hakluyt the writer on exploration and the family of william huskisson the statesman who was the first person to be killed by a railway train) and several of these later occupants made substantial alterations to the building producing the delightful hotchpotch that remains today.
and she couldn’t be loved;
life can be ordinary but i want romance. it’s not too much to ask for is it?
:::deep breath:::
and so "atheism turns out to be too simple. if the whole universe has no meaning we should never have found out that it has no meaning; just as if there were no light in the universe and therefore no creatures with eyes we should never know it was dark. dark would be without meaning."
the background paper fits perfectly as it has blue green and brown tones in it so i deliberately chose sepia photos to accent the brown tones. once i had decided on the photo layout i added some vintage themed embellishments. finish with some journaling and you have a really nice page. hope you like it.
do not trust the childproof ages
and you’ve just lost yours.
 bunch kale chopped
tux is the linux logo or so i hear. i personally only use macs because they are clearly what god intended for us to use so i wouldn’t know from personal experience.
stay up til all hours or even all night because i'm that dad.
my second stop at cape town was going to be much longer than the previous one.
in the currach of thought
doors open at : pm.
obamacare vastly expands medicaid but it should also be noted that medicaid has been expanded over the years without evoking this kind of organized resistance. over a million americans descended on washington d.c. on march to demand that it not be passed. they were dismissed by the white house that bribed and pressured members of congress who it turns out never even read the law before voting on it.
is this an opportunity that visa should further invest media spend in beyond their worldwide sponsorship specifically within the u.s. market?
i suppose mississippi acts as my power word. maybe if you’re running you could try repeating a power word or any mantra to yourself to hush that voice of insecurity lurking in the back of all our minds.
i know i've been absent from the blogsphere for a little bit and my apologies if you've missed me. i was busy with last minute wedding preparations and then my honeymoon (we just got back on tuesday) and i haven't been feeling too well since we got back.
well guess what gram: i’m a sweater. not the variety sporting gaudy patterns that you wear on holidays but the kind small children follow around because they love to splash in the trail of puddles that undoubtedly would appear beneath me in these aforementioned steamy locales.
just a dream. nothing more.
the head of the federal migration service konstantin romadanovsky called the comments "unacceptable" and confirmed they had cost the spokesman his job the staterun itartass news agency reported.
what a cool story do you write in a particular genre or do you write across several? can you tell us about your backlist?
good morning hope alls well its been a busy week for me but manageable. does anyone wake up feeling like you need more than hours to a day? i swear most days lately i feel this way.....i have had those kinds of days where it seems every minute of every hour is virtually accounted for and i am craving desperately a few days to do absolutely nothing so i actually am listening to my own body and mind and am going to be away for a few days taking a little break and getting away for some much needed r and r...so this post will have to suffice until monday. i will wish you all now the happiest mothers day possible....may it be one filled with much love happiness peace and above all relaxation would love to know what everyones up to for your special day
“like other submarkets around atlanta retail centers in places that are not welllocated continue to have difficulty filling vacancies a sign of the continuing challenges in the economy” brown says. “carrollton crossroads is definitely a standout in the carrollton market as are several other value retail centers. this niche has proven to be a big winner in carollton.”
another member of the liberal party jens rohde suggested they move their company’s main seat to teheran.
there is just so much left unanswered. i'm sure i'm not the only one that would like to see derek reunited with his father and brothers in a sequel. is that too much to ask? am i asking too many questions?
fools because of their transgression and because of their iniquities are afflicted. their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates of death. then they cry unto the lord in their trouble and he saveth them out of their distresses. he sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destructions. oh that men would praise the lord for his goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men.
mostly i hope that we will be taken seriously and that my niece won't suffer more excrutiatingly for our show of concern.
i’m ridiculously excited. it’s just a bag but i’ve wanted one since i was and just never made the splurge. frankly at $ it ended up not really being a splurge by most people’s standards; including myself in the days before we made such deep budget cuts in pursuit of a new car. the bag should be here by friday and the wallet by monday. i can’t wait i’m sure i’ll post pictures when they arrive.
and also our life it’s for us and maybe it’s not.
let your characters have their secrets. hint at things that you never fully explain. never reveal why they shudder at the mere mention of nebraska or why they take the crime they’re investigating so personally when the victim is a child.
there is little for the off trade bargain hunter. if you know of any apps let me know otherwise i’m seeing a gap to help and assist the cooking lager enthusiasts of blighty. i don’t know how easy it is to develop an android app or whether my supermarket want third parties linking to their web services. i know this; sites like my supermarket find their data by linking to web services hosted by the supermarkets. it is all technically possible to let me know on my android phone where the cheapest box of carling is and where that supermarket is on google maps. it’s an exciting world.
just to put this in writing (and i have no legal counsel as to if it is ok or not but fuck it) but i have two members in mind to join the team. the first is chris michel resident beer drinkerrewermart guyusinesssavvy money man and the second is also a chris. this chris is a very accomplished brewer and a good allaround guy and if he is interested and does well in the interview process (i.e. delivers good quality brew) this could work out nicely. i'm interested to see what actually happens on this front in the long run so future dave: i hope you're happy with what you've done.
i sincerely hope that i haven't lost all of my blog friends
no you're not seeing double. this is indeed another hello kitty cake. there are some subtle differences though if you want to compare. go ahead look between the two and we'll play a quick game of spot the difference. ready? go ... how many did you find? i'll give you the obvious point for the happy birthday michi. you'll also notice that this newer hello kitty has three whiskers on her right cheek instead of just two. if you looked crazy closely there's also no gapping in this hello kitty's tank top or pant leg. i'm probably the only one who notices that though. inner critic being harsh and all. oh and this cake was another vanilla chocolate chip too
all proceeds from this upcoming event will be going to makeawish foundation uk the leading wishgranting charity that grants magical wishes to children and young people fighting lifethreatening conditions.
but in the end we’ll see whats what
that 'my life in the bush' was so underrated at the time.
cover your kitchen cabinet shelves with foil. the foil attracts the electricity and it won’t go toward you. it’s picked up by foil.
i just remember absorbing so much. i was understanding that "christian" in title didn't mean christian in life and i'm not hear to bash on christian education... that would be another post entirely and not bashing just....thoughts. but i guess it was an awakening to me in that complex and formative year in my life. after an entire year i had tried anything and everything to find my niche. skater girl with baggy pants and green yes green lipstick. preppy cheerleader sporty girl only we couldn't afford name brand sports gear or clothes so that didn't work either. book lover wha???? babysitters club. that didn't last long as i always seemed to doze off. anyway i just couldn't figure out who i was. i felt myself grasping at any kind of acceptance. my heart is forever soft for th grade girls now.
what to do when your confidence is low? i knew the remedy instantly. my mother is probably the wisest person i will ever meet and her words do something outside your comfort zone rattled around my head like some medicine that would have to be swallowed sooner or later.
it's good to have friends to talk to when painting
and allah (swt) informed that he has given a guarantee of victory to those who will defend allah’s religion (true islam). and there is no consideration for the number of men or for the equipment with weapons but (the most important thing) is: the true faith in allah (swt) and that the victory is (always) from allah (swt) as allah (swt) said:
from a theological perspective this research raises a plethora of questions. is theology up to the challenge of integrating current scientific knowledge into a biblical worldview that is less domineering and more cognizant of the complexity of the rest of creation? let’s hope so
now he wanna rap forgetting he fucked up the under the sea remix
one of the many tricks to self control in the culinary program is bringing gum. yes i bring my trident white gum every time i attend class so i don’t overindulge myself. i try the many creations in class but i watch the portions being i’m trying to maintain my current goals for the year which will be in upcoming blog. a true chef will try all of his artwork. one should always carry passion and depth in their work. being i’m a perfectionist every product must come out looking and tasting like the mona lisa. i take this profession seriously and want to excel to the very top. big world here i come enjoy the pictures:)
she thought for a moment.
minor things could be better”
still the record makes for a good listen. the example posted is an extended track from the b side.
jane has a simple yet unusual construction. i would describe it as a raglan hybrid. yet it is super simple to knit and is very sparing on yarn
midnight sun
now that we got the first week tailgate kinks worked out i’m looking forward to getting to the quad early and taking in the revelry. the atmosphere should be up there with lsu last year and auburn the year before. the other thing i am really looking forward to is seeing or rather hearing how loud plus can get. there was a great atmosphere last week this week it should be unlike anything we’ve ever experienced.
that disappear when she smiles
) table service at beer festivals is civilised
and i know i didn't blog yesterday. i only made it days into my day challenge. but that's ok. yesterday i was thankful for a warm house and blankets and slippers on a beautiful cold fall day. and for grace when i need it (and i always need it.)
well they found out two things basically. one they analyzed stories from four years ago when president bush was president and from this month when president obama is president regarding higher gas prices.
if i'm gonna hit a traffic jam
one thing i wish they would improve on is the menu. i would like some photos on the menu just so i get an idea what i’m ordering. although each item has description of how the food is cooked or the ingredients used something visual at least for the “must try” items would be better.
another change noted by rotacidare on the eqdaily podcast is location experience. there is now a ton of it in dfc. you want to poke your nose into every room you see as the vast majority will reward you with a discovery event. i made a level and a half of aa experience on that alone. that includes all the doors in the courtyard. dfc is now a discovery rich environment.
“people are looking forward ahead. there is a buzz. for people that don’t understand what’s happening here this is just great” said robert harbick marinette mayor.
yes as many already know i made it safely back without any great problems. both flights were a few minutes late but that was all nothing to drive me to frustration this time around thank goodness.
"pork potatoes soy and vinegar"
the first page that i did in my book was taken from my favorite florence and the machine's song "dog days." there's a really great line in the song where she sings: "happiness hit her like a bullet in the back." it's sort of how i feel when i discover i'm happy: it's such a surprise. so i did a page using that.
price: $.
 drum solo :
the news
except for roads and bridges and defense and
for example who could resist stopping at the enaville resort and snake pit? or soap lake? or flaming geyser state park? or the railroad interpretive center? half the fun is trying to guess where these names come from. “moses lake. does it occasionally part itself?” turns out moses lake is parted by the interstate which cruises through the center of the lake on a strip of land as thin as the proverbial prophet’s miraculous staff. then there was the molly b’damned motel. the name raises the obvious question: who was molly? an exwife? an unsupportive motherinlaw? an unhelpful real estate agent? a naysaying neighbor? whoever she was somebody sure showed her.
“i just lay down.”
the indictment returned by a grand jury in virginia charged kiriakou with one count of violating the intelligence identities protection act and three counts of violating the espionage act.
the secretary of the treasury mr. john w. snow has a letter to the dissembling editor of the old grey doxy. in his epistle which appears here through editor and publisher mr. snow makes it plain that the administration’s efforts were anything but “halfhearted” as the paper – in its paperthin and seditious defense – claimed:
arcadius was challenged at the final hurdle by divine fortune and amateur rider darren nagle. those two dueled down the homestretch with arcadius getting home one length in front of divine fortune. nationbuilder and danielle hodsdon were lengths back in third.
negatives: blind loyalty can lead a person to back someone even when they don't agree with them. when truth is on the line this can damage a person's credibility. loyals can take the idea so far that their loyalty overrides their ability to think for themselves. they take on the ideals and beliefs of the person they support and lose their sense of self.
"i wouldn't call it manipulation." once again the mirth had fled from her face with amphibian slippery speed. "it's wellestablished that humans meet us with less suspicion and distrust if we take on attractive guises. since my assignment with dora required trust from the first i attempted to maximise the effect."
in the final match to be played sunday afternoon flemington went on to win their third straight game of the season; this time over the local gothams. melky was the winning hurler against new york. melky was a formidable striker as well batting for against bugs and the gothams. as mentioned there was superlative play in left from peaches. but illinois over at first base demonstrated soft and sure hands all day as well. in all the neshanock club won the day in convincing fashion indeed.
gone where? gone from my sight . . . that is all.
citrus oil lemon sauce
i also spent a lot of time chasing two chickadees around in one of the flowering trees. i have been trying to shoot photos of birds in with the flowers but so far this year i have struck out. the stupid chickadees would perch in a great spot just long enough for my autofocus to almost get a focus lock then flit off before i could shoot. when they did sit still it was in a bad spot where i couldn’t get the flowers in the frame at the same time. this is the best i could do today.
reference the amazing bristol stool chart a medical aid created by a doctor at the university of bristol england to classify human poop into types. types through indicate constipation. normal poops are classified as type and . types and indicate diarrhea and its precursor respectively.
the superworkshop will be run in close parallel to the themes of a forthcoming exhibition that i am in the process of curating for the nevada museum of art in reno called landscape futures: instruments devices and architectural inventions. that exhibition—on display from august to spring —has received grants from the graham foundation and the national endowment for the arts. needless to say i am unbelievably excited about the exhibition and will be posting more about it as the year develops.
wasting some time at a used bookstore the other day before work i first saw the cannon pictures logo then the media logo as i turn to the front.
a life spent around madness is the subject of riding fury home: a memoir by chana wilson ($. seal press softcover). in when she was age of seven her mother held a rifle to her head and pulled the trigger. the gun jammed and she was taken away for the first of many visits to a mental hospital. other suicide attempts would follow and the author chronicles forty years of her relationship with her mother and the way it was affected by the changes in the social landscape of their time. she was the sole caretaker of her mother and it was not until she left for college in iowa that she was able to break the dysfunctional bonds and find her own space which included her own lesbianism. the author has been a psychotherapist for twentyfive years and this book must surely have been cathartic.
as: as someone who doesn't work on projects so close to home i always wonder how you (and photographers like doug dubois and chris verene for example) separate your personal interest in the subject from your instincts as a photographer. or do you? are you trying to make the intimate universal?
leading the pack is kwazulunatal which is sitting with about investigations for the year ending march .
did i throw busy work at them to keep them quiet? no
we arrived at their house all kitted out in our gear. all of us wearing greylack and sporting batman symbols. tahlia went all the way ... she dressed head to toe as bat girl. our car had officially become the bat mobile.
for far to long we have been subject to the fictitious hypothetical ideas of property developers that whet our appetite for buildings that never live up to their descriptions. lets turn the tables and be creative and innovative an idea might just emerge that sticks.
another strange title to convey very different information
first i think that the smaller we slice and dice populations the quicker the returns are diminished. once we get beyond a certain point we are just playing math games and are not really increasing effectiveness. vinny warren says his old boss once told him "you can’t parse humanity." while vinny's exboss may have overstated his case a bit (there's no future in trying to sell golf balls to tennis players) i do believe there is an inverse relationship between the granularity of our targeting and its productivity.
turmeric powder ½ tsp
a few months back it was the venison fair. this month brings the oyster food fair and i was excited to receive an invite to a media tasting kicking off the event on february (the food fair runs through march rd)
so we power on. she's only a baby once and i try to remind myself of that. she won't always wake and beg to be close. i am quite certain that teenage ellie would rather die than sleep in our bed. so for now i'll hit the caffeine and relish in her babyness.
there’s a saying in hollywood that “if you have six great scenes you have a movie.” and i’ve said before that these six great scenes are
sure we cried. some of us sobbed. at the end of the service we sang "it is well with my soul" if you're not familiar take a look at the lyrics. i have never been part of a more convicted choir; it felt as though our voices would shake the entire foundation of that little church; we belted the words. even as i knew that his passing wasn't well with my soul i belted it anyhow; the words made me brave. they encouraged me to believe that someday hopefully not too far in the future it really will be well with my soul.
did for his other film ‘ghajini’ sachiin is undergoing rigorous
what a fiasco more than that it just demonstrates how removed from reality the movers and shakers in malaysia are.
i'm for taking nangumba and her deadbeat husband and sticking their deadbeat asses on a slow boat back to nigeria then giving the somalian pirates a headsup that another boat is headed their way.
i decided if i had to go to traffic school then i might as well try and
one of our favorite michael keaton movies
more so i think it haunted me in my sleep
and tune thy jolly voice to my fresh pipe
“gee – i was thinking about grumpy the other day and you know what i realised?”
today i went to town to take some stuff to the charity shop as part of my " for " challenge. i took the car instead of the bus because i had quite a lot of stuff and i reckoned that as i was doing my bit for the environment by recycling this stuff i could afford to use a bit of petrol
and there's a sample available you can read of open minds on her site too. have a peek but beware. you might get jacked
this new year's eve was the third consecutive year we stayed home after many many years of partying the night away from home. saw our dear friends from chennai spending new year's with us so we had a great time with them. then hubby was diagnosed with swine flu on new year's eve last year so that was a very quiet new year's eve dinner. this year too we decided we didn't want to be driving around delhi in the fog; also since christmas vacation began our daughter had been staying up later than usual and we thought it would be so much nicer to have her up with us as well now that she is older.
a few months later i wrote a piece about pontiac mindlessly doing exactly that:
marianne's craftroom 
i know it is a big question and one i could ask the tarot but i am putting it out there or here.
“ultimately the sc would need to be satisfied that all the evidence gathered demonstrates that the vendor is acting in concert with the acquirer such that the acquirer could exercise control which is equivalent to having more than % in the company and which in turn requires it to conduct an mgo.”
luckily mr random.org picked the winner as i would still be here next week trying to decide who it should be lol
surprise surprise. it wasn't fun at all.
on a couple of occasions recently i have encountered this life after death and the outcomes of those meetings have changed the way i look at where our duty as physicians ends.
we have come to know that despite the suspension of the green clearance the state government may still resume land acquisition in june. we will oppose any such move tooth and nail.
remember beerleaks?? the website set up to expose the dodgy dealings and beer myths of the brewing multinationals and get you drinking more 'craft' beer' only to disappear a couple of days after it launched when it was pointed out that a certain fraserburgh brewer had previously used clear glass bottles. half cocked kneekerk clueless and ultimately very embarassing for all involved.
“that doesn’t surprise me” i retorted “but you still haven’t answered my question. has the carrot just had sex with the glass?”
on top of the morning sickness sleep has become impossible. the hip pain is unbearable and there seems to be nothing i can do to help alleviate it. i've tried a pillow between my legs warm baths a pillow underneath my hip and tylenol before bed. nothing works. i spend the majority of the night flipping from side to side trying to find a spotosition that will afford me at least twenty minutes of sleep before i have to flip over again. not to mention the fact that my bladder remains in a constant state of "full." i literally pee every five seconds. and they tell me it's only going to get worse as the babies continue to grow.....i guess i better prepare to move in to the bathroom because between the morning sickness and my bladder i'm spending an awful lot of quality time with ole john......
· they believe that we will be perfected here on earth
i knew that i wanted to surround the bird stamp in flowers and the best way to achieve that was patterned paper. using basic grey's konnichiwa i was able to add all of the roses in the background.
custard:
fleas are jumpin and the nettles are high lol 
finally we wish that everyone involved in this event will witness a wonder and create a wonder in their own ways to prove another time that art is something very special and still incredibly powerful to move mountains and can reach places in other peoples’ hearts than anything else in this world because it is pure love.
~ on average the moon rises about minutes later each day. but near the time of the autumnal equinox the moon rises only about minutes later each day. why? the reason is that the ecliptic – or path of the sun moon and planets – makes a narrow angle with the evening horizon during the autumn months. the narrow angle of the ecliptic in on autumn evenings results in a shorterthanusual rising time between successive moonrises around the time of the autumn full moons.
“i haven’t seen you in weeks you can see my new jeep.”
on saturday as we were arriving home i saw a ups truck driving away from our house.
“we’re going to have to fight them” laurel insisted. “we’ll need some weapons.”
i try to be discriminating. i don’t read the long article about grey’s anatomy because i don’t watch it. american idol generally gives me hives so i don’t linger on the five page article about who will win and who got their hair cut.
deirdra: who has made the greatest difference for you as a writer?
the victory represented a significant morale boost to the mexican army and the mexican people. as an added benefit it kept napoleon iii from supplying the confederate rebels for another year. by that time the united states (north) had built up a powerful army and would go on to win the civil war.
sound like regular kids don't they?
how to use:
help me. please help me understand.
please email me so i can get your details to our fab sponsors.
when does it become old?
having gained control within the two most powerful means of forming opinion they set about first gradually but later more rapidly indoctrinating the western public with the aim of making them less willing or able to resist their eventual overthrow whilst simultaneously removing anyone within the targeted organisation who did not share the approved ideology.
once settled into the hostel i got chatting to three german guys sharing my room; christian tim and mortz. all three of them are doctors on a two week vacation road tripping from boston to d.c. we exchanged stories from the places we had been to respectively and chilled. when they were getting ready to head out for the evening i asked if they would mind if i would join them and fortunately for me they were more than happy to take me under their wing for the night. we headed out to bedford avenue mortz who had lived in new york briefly knew of what he considered to be the best pizza place in the town; fornino. once inside i let the guys know that unfortunately for them i was a vegetarian. they took this news surprisingly well and we enjoyed a meat free bianca and a calabrese with a bottle of red. while it was no fire & stone in terms of originality it certainly turned out to be some of the best pizza i have ever had and with some truly excellent company. after we had been shown to our table christian commented in german to his friends before translating on my behalf that he had fallen in love with the waitress. he later added to this when two brutally good looking girls walked in with two other guys; how nice they brought their brothers he said. brilliant just like being at home. when it came to the bill my new friends insisted that i was their guest for the meal and would not let me pay for my own food. such gents i had found
"as many as children may be in home education; the true figure is not known. the vast majority are in the charge of loving and conscientious parents but hundreds are at risk of abuse and neglect."
unknown author
you can check in at bars restaurants department stores highways etc (yes i said highways). with these outlets people can even create checkins for their homes with their address on it.
i continue to pray for the patience to wait for the vision that you have given me. however i must work while i wait and i pray for both inspiration and motivation to do so. as i follow you through reading scriptures and meditating on them as well as through prayer i ask for guidance by your spirit for direction in my life. let me know what i am to be doing during this time. if you have shown me then open my eyes so that i may see it.
he likes to play outside or go to his neighbour`s houses to play he does not need to play in the orphanage 
we have started the cloth diapering part time around here. punkin is wearing one as i type. he seems to like them or doesn't notice a difference but i think he does because he danced his little tushie off right after i put the first one on him. apparently before he got to wear them he thought they were for sissy hehe i tricked him good huh?
and yes porky's gym is a real place. based on their website's front page i'd end up looking like a muscle head by the time rolls in.
this is his "under the sink" zone. a half dozen full bottles of man soap and a carrying case. and one lone roll of toilet paper. everything there is something he is or will be using.
but at least i'm getting my bakery back or so it seems. there's other bad news for montpellier breadlovers like this poor woman.
if you are a blogger on a treasure hunt and you do not find your name on the list please email me and i will add your link.
alpha male simon cowell has come out in defence of newcastle’s sweetheart cheryl cole claiming he is solely responsible for her success and now claims he “propelled her into a different league”.the former “x factor” judge who cowell fired from the us show believes that her success and celebrity status mostly springs from her appearance on the uk “x factor”.
author: cindy gainer and illustrated by miki sakamoto
last week's get together of volunteers was really great. in planning for volunteer activities it was really difficult finding a free location and also figuring out a way to get all of the fabric and yarns there. i finally decied to keep things simple for myself and do the get togethers at my home. however living in new york i have a small apartment. the lobby would have to do and so i set up the bins of yarn in the lobby waiting patiently for volunteers to arrive. i had sent out evites to folks throughout the new york area and was prepared to be there from : : pm.
acid rain – the growlers
 tsp vanilla sugar
emmerdale: jeff hordley and emma atkins (cain dingle and charity sharma)
i nod my head up and down affirmatively while smiling and say “noooooo i would never do that” and then i wink at them. dad of the year is all mine this year. etiquette awards may take some work before we qualify.
marilyn volkman currently lives and works in chicago. she received her mfa from the university of chicago in and her bfa from the university of arizona in . using art as a strategy for reconfiguring our use of language images and objects her work takes on diverse forms including object arrangements paintings social interactions and quasidocumentary video projects. volkman’s work is often site specific and developed in collaboration with particular groups collective communities and organizations. her most recent projects have taken place in the commercial marketing firm cutters in downtown chicago at the u.s. army’s intelligence center on fort huachuca arizona and at the nato command headquarters in brunssum netherlands.
curieux served wjim beam post oak smoked pork ribs
the argument that beer has no place in a commemoration of australia’s most significant actions on the world stage rides a bit thin with me as well. digital art science blog uses among others the point that “do veterans not struggle with alcohol abuse as they come to terms with the aftermath of their involvement in a conflict? hasn’t anyone at vbegacy’s agency ever listened to khe sanh?”
i'm sure you'll be pleased to know that while i was writing this blog post i did nothing but write this blog post. and miracle of miracles i experienced no interruptions while i did it.
today i celebrate the arrival of spring: spring sightings magic and storytelling are on the agenda.
compilation of shops & designers mentioned in alphabetical order:
i will breathe deeply and live in the moment (then blog about it later)
with two small rabbits one black the other white
most of the items were not mine (except the pickle).
i think i'm doing quite alright.
another new discovery is city greens. someone just like me ate one too many subway sandwiches ( over years i probably ate at least inch whole wheat veggie and cheese sandwiches) and then thought "i can do better than this". city greens is a modern impeccably clean incredibly fresh expressservice salad bar with interesting ingredients signature salads and a buildyourown option. i cannot wait to go there again and again and again. thank you thank you to the person who was just like me. now will you please open one in metairie? oh and some of my friends would like you to carry diet coke. go see for yourself at www.eatcitygreens.com
a) adventure
we were drawn to you
 tablespoons butter
here is my recipe – the dominant spice here is cayenne pepper because it provides a good punch of chili heat and not that much other flavour which the other – what are often called warmer – spices do magnificently. you can include less of the mix in the relish or change the ratios or even the spices to suit your own taste.
this is how i’m feeling right now. like a doll who’s had its heart taken out.
voucher amount (.)
the foundry to pm summer beer fest in westport: details coming soon
*ribbon scraps
when macmillan changed to the agency model we did so knowing we would make less money on our e book business. we made the change to support an open and competitive market for the future and it worked. we still believe in that future and we still believe the agency model is the only way to get there.
i have been trying to figure out in the past few months how to get my vitamin tablets down a little easier. it's a real chore. scrap that it doesn't matter what tablet i'm trying to get down they are all a chore. i break my big vitamin tab in half and even then it's a pain to try to get the two halves down. today the good doc gave me a website to access to buy some chewables and gave me one to try. they are like a huge platelet shape purplish and taste like a saccharine version of a vitamin c tablet. not too bad actually. i have looked at numerous chemists around where i live and not one of them seems to sell them so it looks like i have to go online and order them from america. i will do that this afternoon.
compare this to the time we spend with “traditional” (that is to say “old”) media. americans spend – on average – hours a day watching television (that’s real tv not streaming stuff) and about hours a day listening to overtheair radio. clearly they have not gotten the message that these media are no longer cool.
i spent approximately six months tracking down the original person who had published the connection. turns out it was someone that i actually knew and had even been to her house. i had met her a few years prior through another researcher who i had been in touch with looking for more information on the rhea’s in the area i was researching in an effort to identify linsey’s parents. during one of our conversations she and i talked about linsey being the son of her ancestor john rhea. the only connection was an index that mentioned a lansea rhea. i pointed out that an index didn’t mean anything. someone would need to actually look at the original record first before you could be sure that you were the same person. she decided to add linsey’s name to her john rhea in order to keep track of him as she spent time researching. i did get the original record that was indexed for lansea. the index may have been more useful if they had indexed her full name lansea jane.
mr. ramadan elaborates along these lines in the next section:
dad was a simple man but never stupid. he learned all he could about everything. he knew amazing amounts of trivia but could still talk to a child. he knew much about the bible and the church and could discuss the most indepth meatandpotatoes subjects but he also knew the milk basics. he had very little tolerance for the milquetoast mediocrity that so many people have these days. he had an amazing vocabulary and often used my spelling words within a week of my getting them when i was a child. i learned from him and not from school or even sunday school the meanings of words like "usurp" "delineate" and "propitiation".
advert in the bookseller
please feel free to contact all desert gardening regarding your redesign questions or needs. we will be happy to assist with making your landscape an oasis.
how do people with less visible disabilities choose whether or not to disclose?
i will see you tomorrow for the saturday sketch share.
isaacson showed steve in all of his complex and multifaceted nature. sometimes he was kind and understanding; at other times he was as hard as steel even to close and loyal friends. my attitude toward steve moved between admiration dislike respect and pity. but in the end the one attitude that prevailed above the others is admiration. you have to admire a guy that takes an idea begins working on it in a garage and develops it into a billiondollar enterprise.
if you’re a sports fan you’ve definitely heard of jeremy lin. the first asianamerican player in the nba… or at least the first one anyone ever heard of… and nobody’d even heard of him a month ago.
police are waiting on forensic evidence but the timing proximity and preliminary evidence lead police to believe the four incidents are connected.
 % of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
“if”
seattle seahawks: d
mt. hood is miles from portland so we had plenty of time to talk and even though star now resides in atlanta she and bonnie are both native portlanders and familiar with the city’s history as well as the towns between portland and mt. hood. plus bonnie was able to photograph everything that i couldn’t.
wings
i've converted so many people to these bags and even did a fundraiser for my daughters school selling them.
ephesians :
thumbuddy to love™ was created by andrea van ness a former thumb sucker. after her mom tried everything including bitter tasting thumb polish it was her grandmother that made her a thumb puppet. it was the positive experience of the thumb puppet and her kind words that encouraged andrea to stop thumb sucking.
living with a shipshape mentality encourages you to fulfill all you are capable of not allowing you not to react if you to decide that something is not for you.
“i guess it was a phase i was going through. i know there were times when i was really nasty and rude to you and i’m sorry. i think most of those times i was just angry not angry at you just an angry kid. and you ended up having to deal with it. and i’m sorry about that. but now i think i’m different. and i don’t know if it had to do with growing up or moving over here or what. i just know that i’m a lot more mature than i was before and i like it. i’m getting along better with you and i like that too.” patti finally smiled following that last part.
stop it or i'll make you start staying home from preschool so you can't freak out your teachers.
a few months back i got a new overhead projector to help me block in some of the stuff i paint. basically i use the overhead projector like this: ) i draw something. ) then i take it to the photocopier store and get the drawing xeroxed onto a piece of clear film. ) then i eat a sandwich. ) then i take the image and with the overhead projector trace the drawing onto a canvas ) then i paint the picture. out of times the painting comes out as good as the original drawing.
built to spill+
so why are they on the list then? well simply because it’s been ages (nearly two years) since the dorothy madness and there’s no prospect of another show of this type coming up soon.
the history of whoo counter was right next to ohui and while waiting for the sa to process my details for the duty free price i decided to splurge and get the whitening sun bb even though it was so expensive i’d originally put it on my backup shopping list. good thing i got a discount on purchases at lotte dfs by using my visa platinum credit card. lol..
i know that punk has thrown out a first pitch before so i changed the wording on the back to read cubs appearance rather than cubs debut. ﻿if anybody knows where i can find a listing of ceremonial first pitches for wrigley field i would greatly appreciate it. i'm sure there are many local guys or former cubs that have done it multiple times and would love to have some kind of comprehensive list.
“yeah ain’t nothing sets the proper mood like some good ol’ chickenshack chickenshit jukejoint slave music. man all that hard living you sing about i’m surprised to see you’re still around.”
we should say a word about antichrist. he is not simply a cruel dictator who is antichristian. i think most people when they think of antichrist think of someone like hitler who was a persecutor or stalin who persecuted christians and was against religion. but that is not what antichrist is though he has that aspect. “anti” means not just “against”; it means “in place of.” he will be someone who will come and take the place of christ; it says quite clearly that he will be in the temple of jerusalem worshipped as god. you don’t go and worship an ordinary dictator; at least the whole world could not very easily do that. but he will come as a world dictator who is accepted as god as someone very positive; thus he will try in every possible way to imitate christ to take the place of christ.
so long story short she fell madly in love with an irresistibly adorable frog named v and moved to the city of love and lights hoping that after three long years of separation her kisses would turn this frog into her prince.
la late
rice flour tbsp
fiction is driven by conflict. period. writing might be therapeutic but it isn’t therapy. when a writer begins with a character thinking and internalizing that is another huge warning flag of a number of problems.
hello everyone in blogland now that you have met our dt it is time for our very first challenge here at milkcoffee challenge and we hope you will come play along with us our theme for this challenge is an easy one anything goes so make a creation and come play along
lil woke up again at so i went in to feed her.
obama: thank god. what a blowhard i wonder who’s going to bore me next?
i washed a load of laundry packaged an ebay order and got out all my baking supplies before i went to pick up gson at preschool.
the real treat of the night was a bottle of thomas hardys ale. this was from the old eldridge pope vintages. it was superb. described as " a waltz on the palate" it still held loads of sweet fruit flavors with creamy butterscotch notes. we compared it to a more recent o'hanlon vintage of thomas hardys ale and it won hands down.
on the friday corey will post a title or theme of which the contestants must base their poem on. contestants must then post their poems or the link to their poems in the comment section below the post. on the following friday corey will choose his favourite three and then ask his wordpress followers to pick their favourite poem.
that's when he realized he had to shift all the decking he had already put down to eliminate all of the gaps. the small bit that he did on the bottom level wasn't that bad since it wasn't cut to size and could easily be unscrewed shifted then screwed back in. but the top level was already cut to size and there were even spots that were custom cut to fit things like the door trim and the posts. it was almost as time consuming as it was to originally but it down. but in the end all the decking was put down without the gap and turned out amazing:
but delving into this more cellular level does something to the perception which is truly magic. the familiar music is heard differently time stretches out feelings become more important and useful than thoughts. without smoking anything.
brooklyn art library. my chosen theme: "i am a scavenger". i will use found scrap to start each image and go from there. i look forward to rediscovering the use of found elements something i used to do a lot of something i like very much.
the main persons in the book is david ella socrates and steve.
to be honest i think neutrals can be a little trickier to pull off than bold colors. so much of getting it right has to do with textures and layeringand choosing great accessories. if done right you see a really beautiful room as a whole instead of one big "wow" factor.
. copies of any legal or vehicle documentation
in addition to bst‘s yoseob offering to buy dinner for a few fans the official rules for the event have now been revealed. a special ucc (user created content) event named ‘be my partner‘ is being offered by a cube entertainment & mnet.
he began to massage my hand and yes it was fucking fantastic. i wasn’t quite feeling my clitoris swelling or anything but it was definitely sensual. i could tell he was enjoying giving me this pleasure – he loved women all women. he gave me another smile and while continuing to massage me with one hand he started to rub himself with his other hand. i didn’t recoil in disgust so he took that as his queue to take it one step further and he put his hand down his pants and began to masturbate. he wore fairly baggy jeans so it was easy for him to perform this act without having to undress. i was wearing jogging pants and as i sat on my bed with my legs kiddiecrossed i took my free hand and began to masturbate as well. he released my hand and we both focused on satisfying ourselves however constantly making eye contact that was deep and intense.
honestly i think the second option might be more expensive than the first one...
it’s clear that idaho’s goal is to drive wolves down to the barest minimum of wolves — decimating the state’s wolf population down to minimum numbers.
i know most of you are mothers out there and make sure you get all the love you deserve today.
russia's past is america's future
everything you need to know: about income inequality in the us in just two graphics.
this fortnight we are sponsored by the paper shelter. the paper shelter offered the dt some lovely images to work with. where they have been used i will list the details so if you are so inclined you can pop over to the paper shelter via their badge on the right and go shopping
if you're not that bothered about the study of beer history please stop reading now because you're going to get really bored if you don't.
and henri morgan (rogue cannon caller)
if any of these questions are answered with a true then a grkids.com perks card is a must for you
“while some people laughed others – including a delegation from limerick rugby club young munster – said the comments were deeply offensive.”
oh mother of the word incarnate despise not my petition but in they mercy hear and answer me. amen.
that same day i was meeting a friend of mine for some thrift store shopping. on the way an old abandoned shady looking hotelar that sits right on the edge of the colorado river caught my eye. i have passed this particular place many times before and have always found it intriguing but this particular day i took the time to seek out the name of it so i could do a little research on it.
the winter rye we planted as a cover crop in the vegetable garden on the other hand is quite healthy and ready to be tilled under so we can plant our lettuce broccoli and the like.
nico and her parents left to take a trip to alaska the morning of the murders. their flight left at six
the kitchen had blown too.
from the opening scene of adrian brody's character returning to consciousness while freefalling through sky to the moment when the closing credits start to roll this is a movie that never slows down. it's armed human killing machines versus aliens every bit as skilled in the art of killing as they are but who have the advantage of superior tech and knowledge of the terrain. unlike the original film and most of the three movie sequels and ihavenoidea how many dark horse comic books (where the predator aliens even fought batman at one point) the hunt here takes place on the homeground of the aliens so the humans need every bit of skill they can muster.
part :
april is the creator of a modern teacher blog. after years of teaching she stays busy with her new baby and year old. she blogs about diys craftivities and organizational tips for the elementary teacher. april is passionate about 'teaching made simple and fun'.
my jeans have flamingos on them and those little spanish guitars if you follow me on twitternstagram you may have seen me post about these jeans yesterday. i can't get over how awesome the print is i've been wanting to get print jeans for a while and when i saw these in the sale for £ i couldn't resist they're just that little bit different from all the other floral print jeans which are around at the moment. i paired them with this simple white tee from h&m (which was a bargain £. and comes in black and grey too) and let the jeans do the talking. i thought the necklace tied in well with the colours in the jeans and i really like how my oversized watch and chain bracelet look with the white tee so i added them to finish off the look.
i couldn’t get a good picture of these ladies standing in the rooms; every time i tried they would scream and wave a fist at me. here is an empty room where you can see the reflection of our car in the window indicating the proximity of the narrow street. you stop chat with the ladies and negotiate a price. if a price is agreed upon you park walk through the glass partition and get business done.
“sun’s comments left me realizing there is much work to be done to educate my peers from china. but while i have no sympathy for him i also hope my friends from singapore would not let yourselves be consumed by rage. as much as it’s tempting to do otherwise i’m sure we all aspire to rise above and be the better one.”
there are only three kinds of people who makes it in this world. those who are rich those who are beautiful and those who are smart.
i will admit to being fascinated by almshouses especially those that still provide accommodation as their founders intended. these certainly seemed well kept though we were not able to see what they are like within. you will find a short history of them on the cleave’s almshouses web site.
tptrl blog (tptrlblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the amazon services llc and amazon eu associates programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com amazon.ca amazon.co.uk amazon.de amazon.fr amazon.it and amazon.es. certain content that appears on this website comes from amazon services llc andr amazon eu. this content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
here are all the panels sewn together. now to close it up and complete the circle line up the two raw edges left wrong sides together and sew that seam. for a more professional appearance iron and top stitch each seam.
but then i thought: my readers deserve to know the truth that i mess up as much as the next person. a lot of my readers email me saying that i'm innovative and creative. well you know what comes with that territory? lots and lots of failed kitchen experiments. lol. my friend kevin mentioned once that it might be fun to do a "bloopers" entry on my blog and i guess the idea stuck. hehe. but all things aside here's the ultimate reason why i decided to post them: those ugly little things were to die for delicious in fact they were so delicious that i felt like they deserved to be mentioned on a blog titled "delicious delicious delicious" )
a hotel in barcelona a library in wales a private home somewhere in midipyrénées a pharmaceutical hq outside singapore: these and other projects all contain a room.
yet this show of strength is impotent.
also robert kearns the inventor of intermittent windshield wipers who won multimilliondollar judgments against ford and chrysler for using his idea has died. he was .
another private intelligence contractor or pic is science applications international corporation (saic) an $ billion corporation involved in defense intelligence community and homeland security contracting. in the words of veteran journalists donald barlett and james steele
in the sass children learn early on that their performance will be subjectively assessed each day and that if there performance is deemed substandard they will be subject to remedial measures with the goal of improving up to a minimum standard.
people
sounds like we spoiled ourselves right?
if i break my tongue
tori did not get out of her pyjamas that day. she laid listlessly in bed watching the dust travel a shaft of light that pierced out of her closed curtains. she had been feeling fine up until that point.
working too hard for those that wouldn’t work hard for themselves got me in to a situation that i will never put myself in again. i am here to work and resonate with the driven the dreamers and diligent who not only want but also work for that dream.
tweeter @bronwynnielsen asked if he had lost his mind.
i am dreaming...
since picking up my ipod i have started loving. living. small. which has certainly led me down a creative and interesting road one that i have embraced and that feels right for me (and is different from the career i had been doing and didn't truly love). visionary steve jobs said it best when he stated "most important have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. they somehow already know what you truly want to become. everything else is secondary.” there are many more adventures ahead and i will continue to enjoy my surroundings and follow my heart.
ps: i tried to google to see if i could find a picture of her garden now but to no avail. i would love to see how it’s grown.
and he has been our guide to this place and has given us this land a land flowing with milk and honey.
well there you are my two favorite guys. i can't believe you're turning tomorrow and at the same time i can't believe you've only been in my life for three years. i don't remember what it was like without you. you are my little best friend my teacher and the coolest year old i know : )
seven former residents of kensington palace served as the inspiration for the exhibition and included:
stress has a major influence on the function of your immune system which is why you’ve probably noticed you’re more likely to catch a cold or the flu when you’re under a lot of stress. this is true for both acute stressful episodes such as preparing a big project for work and chronic stress such as relationship troubles or grief. both will deteriorate your immune system and leave it less able to fight off infectious agents.
that's a shame as solsbury hill's one of the few songs from that i'd call a classic.
*contact a festival organiser urgently about needing accommodation. and also a librarian.
search you can search for words or phrases in a single transcript or across multiple depositions hearing or trial transcripts. this feature is nice when you are trying to remember a word or idea but can’t remember where it was.
that's why the weekends are the best.
while we were walking around the campus we heard music from somewhere. we tried to walk to the source of music but coulnd't really pinpoint the location. it seemed like the sound was coming from the other side of the street so we went back to the car and took the car to find this location.
) participate in the weekly challenges a minimum of times per month (preferably or )
decade after operation defensive shield decrease in terror continues freedom of the press pastyle: reporter arrested for “slander” flytilla ? lebanese army threatens israel at “global march” tomorrow abbas: unity with hamas is frozen obama’s got israel’s back… with a knife video: new york jino’s give comfort to the mullahs is us acting to sabotage an israeli strike on iran? алжир отказался хоронить тулузского стрелка chief of staff: more idf women in more positions no blogging today — off to the expo soccer dad’s middle east media sampler from the (state) department of wtf can anyone identify this flag? muslims also seethe at nonjews visiting temple mount idf arranges medical treatment and transport of palestinian patients has @peterbeinart ever been to israel? the middle east media sampler : missing perspective today’s blood libel sponsored by the syrian opposition will hamas’ meshal replace abbas as president of palestinian authority? can you guess who this is? decade after operation defensive shield the jenin city prospers
so the first week i lost ten pounds. i was excited by that. however then the second week came & i didn't do so well with weight loss. i stuck to the diet faithfully though. i have not cheated not even a crumb. i have to ask jamie or the girls to tastetest their foods to see if they are done or not. nothing "foreign" or unapproved has entered my mouth or gone on my skin since i started this. and it hasn't been easy. week two was by far the hardest. i had three really bad days. one of them i had no weight loss at all. and the other twoi had small weight gains. how is that possible when i'm only eating calories?? all i know is it depressed me more than you can imagine.
so when you consider that huge impact that teachers have on their students and by extension the world then maybe we should just simply be thankful to have the privilege of being teachers.
this week. a slight improvement for me. although i was not helped by knowing little about women’s hair and nothing about wild things. what will you score in this week’s quiz?
it’s hardly a startling revelation that nationalism often coincides with euroscepticism. more eyecatching is the breakdown in the number of people who identify first as british english. this survey suggests that over % of people in england view themselves primarily as english rather than british. that compares to just over % as recently as .
glen hirshberg – miss illkept runt
@osgood: " yes glenn your own gold dust covered straight jacket"
i've been watching movies on tv today and
garcía márquez’s use of hyperbole is an innovative double strategy: on the one hand his use of fantastical exaggeration is intended to estrange his readers in a brechtian sense shocking them out of their complacency and into an ideological rethink. but at the same time garcía márquez amplifies reality driving home a point by developing it to an almost absurd extent. this often has a satirically debunking effect highlighting the hypocrisy and stupidity riding a whole herd of sacred cows. for example the patriarchal machismo of the buendía family is subverted by ursula’s almost burlesque performance in the courtroom:
excellent read this one that meshes familiar terrifying wartime concerns (e.g. the london bombardments friends and lovers geting killed in battles or bombings) with as torres insisted in the interview real attachments (romantic and otherwise) and what resulted from the war and those attachments.
at his most garish: his naked peroxidised blonde
this is my latest dt piece for creative expressions using the studio sentimental art stamps. i also used two corners and a heart from the studio artparts.
the only question was whether to use tofu or tempeh. tom prefers tempeh but i prefer tofu so in the spirit of marital harmony i made both they were both delicious so it was a winwin situation. tom suggested yellow rice (brown rice with turmeric) for the side dish and i added peas because i can never have too many veggies. if we had had any pineapple chunks cooked into the rice would have been perfect
"for when nera went back to the world of mortals he told the king and queen of connacht ailill and maeve about the treasure in the well. they broke into the fairy mound of cruachan to possess themselves of the crown of bruin. some say the treasure was taken by them and some say they could neither reach or nor take it but the storytellers of ireland have to speak about it because the foray brought the battle goddess morrigu into the fairy mound of cruachan.
i am so grateful for the amazing opportunity i had to visit with maria and her friendseighbors at this workshop. as well as carpooling with my (newest) friend paula. i wish i had a good picture of her. she and i discovered we have a lot in common and those things we don't have in common we are okay with she is a beautiful person inside and out and i hope she and i can get together again if you would like more information and if there is enough interest maybe i can convince one of our amazing ward home storage specialists to do a class on this.... and maybe even invite maria to come and help us
for a craft beer lover loosing the lbs's is not an easy thing. beer is the antithesis for trying to loose weight. it is a very nutritious beverage high in calories and carbohydrates. i never sought out the "low carb beers" over the last year because.... well that's not beer at least the beer i know and love. but it got me to thinking what is the lowest carb beer option for a beer snob like myself?
dear "other mothers"
“health is true wealth. wellness is the number priority for our beloved seniors because they are the backbone of this community. queen of all saints church has done a tremendous job with planning their event and attendees will gain valuable information. i look forward to seeing many of my friends and neighbors at this important health fair” said council member james.
research in and for languages was jointly organised by the llas centre for languages linguistics and area studies at the university of southampton and scottish cilt scotland’s national centre for languages at the university of strathclyde http:www.llas.ac.ukventsrchive. it was held at strathclyde on april .
and don't forget if you're ever in dangerthe diaper heroes will be there
caitlin kayla one of kayla’s friends and i are applying to live in one of the oncampus apartments next year. there are apartments that are really nice and two groups of four live in each. (one on the upper floor one on the lower.) these apartments include a kitchen with a stove oven fulllength fridge microwave and dishwasher() four bedrooms two bathrooms a washer and dryer () and a living room and a cute little bar area. i want it so bad the thing is you have to have a fullyear service project in order to live there and preference is given to sophomores. we have to fill out this lengthy application and turn it in and then we will find out if we need to come back and present it to a panel. we’ll find out by next friday if we got it. today caitlin and i went to go meet with the volunteer coordinator and when we tried to drive there my car wouldn’t start. we took hers instead and when we got back i called security to try and help me start it but they said it wasn’t working and must be some other problem. so i just called my dad and i don’t know what we’ll do now because i was supposed to go home this weekend.
using my faux slap chop i chopped up the walnuts.
or: imagine being happily married for years. you have a young daughter a lovely home and a husband who travels a lot but you really love each other.
please excuse the self potraits. whenever i get the idea to take a picture i'm usually home alone with the kidlets.
the benefits and impacts have been interesting. we observed a bonding between our families. on saturdays when we host the cooking class we also have a reading class for our moms. after the reading class our youngsters serve their moms whatever they prepared that day. the moms love it and the kids feel good about themselves. with this class more of our fathers come in to pick up their youngsters and sit at the table for lunch to eat with their children.
i support this decision and feel it is the best move to make in order to keep the public calm as this event finally comes to pass.
compliment your ex on his or her looks but don’t take it overboard. be courteous friendly and at the same time keep a check on your emotions and behavior.
me: yes that is your potassium
experience of shared meanings a common vocabulary and shared expectations.
and now your successor
the primary benefit of podcasting for educators is quite simple. it enables teachers to reach students through a medium that is both "cool" and a part of their daily lives. for a technology that only requires a computer microphone and internet connection podcasting has the capacity of advancing a student's education beyond the classroom. educators need to perceive devices like ipods and other portable media devices not as distractions to learning; rather capitalize on it and turn them into effective tools for learning.
when you break it all down there were two primary reasons why i chose to "unjob." my decision was in many ways related to a quote i received from a friend a few years ago who obviously sensed something in me that i was not yet ready to see clearly:
roberts claimed that the marijuana was his but the crack wasn't. it belonged to a "friend." how did his friend's crack happen to wind up in his crack?
i am addicted to thirty one bags. the utility tote is one of my all time favorites. i own a few and use them for various things. j’s toddler bag my teacher’s tote softball snack bag and beachool bag are a few of our family’s uses. check out teresa’ uses for the utility tote and get some ideas of your own.
in july he and fellow stanford professor peter norvig invited all comers to enrol in their artificial intelligence course at the californian university which they would teach rather than just offer passive online study. they had enrolments nearly three times greater than total enrolments at monash university australia’s largest.
mine’ve been like verlaine’s and rimbaud
and then she will run into the restaurant shouting "daddy guess what?? we crashed"
child pornography has become a known dark secret of cebu. the city and the provincial governments have yet to come up with concrete and long term solution to this. it looks like petty crime that it gets less attention until it cause major turmoil in the society.
and new york to l.a.
as xu guan fiddled with a loose thread dangling from the united nations tape he made a decision. he needed cover and concealment. many of the houses might still be occupied. the maintenance shed was probably looted months ago but it was less likely to be occupied than the nearby homes. xu guan dropped tossed uniform on the ground and removed his hospital gown. with his head on a swivel xu guan slipped into the camouflage pants. as he reached for the uniform’s top the loose thread that he had been twirling around his finger moments before caught on a branch halfburied in the ground. xu guan tugged at the jacket. the united nations patch gave way as the stick ripped loose several of the threads. xu guan slipped into the jacket buttoned it up and then looked down to note the dangling name tape.
. still skate in your local team practice sessions but during scrimmage always be in a referee position (at first if nervous just stick to your focused ref role then over the weeks try to experience being a different type of referee).
for many years he was my support. he became my critic. like an angry father (or maybe a spurned lover? how sad that these are associated inextricably with bad behavior) he indulged in petty spitefulness and acts of sabotage that only made things harder. i pointed it out to him and he nonpologized — and escalated. i withdrew and he escalated some more.
new york mets (ba benny paid)
obvious facts are obvious... except for american troops in country and the tel aviv and washington politicians who green lighted the georgian invasion.... oops did i just say that?
table . quarterly patent document counts*
and yes q is wearing the union jack here but purely for aesthetic purposes. my dutch grandfather went to school in england and my lovely cousins poppy and sophie were born and raised in the uk. but q has yet to visit that corner of the world. someday soon...i hope.
level : str: + increases your attack speed.
by contrast the darkness we encounter on holy friday is experienced with the benefit of hindsight—we know that the light of resurrection is coming. for this we can give thanks but perhaps such hindsight leads us astray by diminishing the despair the disciples felt on the day of jesus’ death.
answer: since only amateurs have won a tournament on the pga tour. the four amateur winners are gene littler doug sanders phil mickelson and scott verplank.
an expat should have many great friends not just a few best friends.
challenge assumptions for ideal until it bes usance. hunt for shipway to get customers into your store? forestall and say "do i real poorness solon customers?" the contemplate suggests opposite ingenious solutions like object slipway to pretend more money off existing customers or shipway to cut expenses. these may graphite to statesman paying ideas. dispute assumptions to increment the ability of your solutions.
apart from those who are here in hawai`i one of my many favorite wedding photographers is jessica claire who is based out of southern california. what i like about jessica is her work (obviously) her personality her sense of style and how she likes to keep everything real and use photoshop to a minimum. i have been enjoying her photographs and her blog for a little while now and she just never ceases to amaze me every time
factory records fac 
but...since we are grading on a curve i had to allow it.
 in the cutting room
“when the hardcore team at flying dog challenged us to battle there was no way we wouldn’t take them on” brewdog captain james watt said. “now it’s time to see who’s boss.”
sabine and vivian have been generously sharing their "loot" with the grownups...we're all almost candied out. bring on thanksgiving.
no silver saints by dying misers giv'n
i first met her now fiance (ah) on my st birthday. lying on the trail’s end bathroom floor crying and puking i clearly made an excellent first impression. but kristen and i are a bit of a package deal so when they told me the news i welcomed him to the “family.” my only regret is that breaking news like this sucks over skype. but i’m so ridiculously excited for them and i can’t wait until i’m uncontrollably sobbing while giving my maid of honor speech (which i can assure you will be the prefect combination of touching sentiment wine and ageappropriate comedic material).
whilst the cake is baking start the buttercream. melt the chocolate either in a microwave in a bowl over a pan of simmering water or in a small saucepan (if you are very careful). allow to cool.
# the elvis statue in some neighbor’s garden
bugger.
well... still no hard feeling… it was not my intention to cause you distress. cheers.
and finally without further ado i'm pleased to announce that dixiebelle is the winner of the giveaway congrats please contact me (email address is in the righthand column) with your shipping information and color + monogram preference and gigi new york will be sending a snazzy all in one bag your way.
a slip of the tongue was probably the trigger for a conversation i overheard the other night on our way to the baseball game. i tuned in when mj was explaining to yo emma that she is allowed to use "bad" words. someone asked by whom she was allowed and she replied "my mom." my grandma asked her not to use them in front of her. my mom asked for clarification about when she is allowed to use them. mj admitted (with that word describing her tone of voice) that she isn't supposed to use them in front of grandparents.
happy to see the support of all those still participating. word up to daniel franklin who has done a superb amount of reading this month puts the rest of us to shame i reckon *grins* also i just want to note for those who have joined later to the challenge we're actually dealing with fantasy science fiction and horror christian thrilleruspense probably doesn't fit under that banner.
us synthetic
although i still see jeremy brett as the ideal performer to portray conan doyle’s original holmeswhich he did so well in granada television’s adaptations of the holmes yarnsi’ve developed substantial appreciation for cumberbatch’s reinterpretation of the character. and freeman’s watson is a particularly brilliant foil his friendship with the great detective growing despite the latter’s oftuttered indifference to such relationships.
*to make flours: you'll need a food processor to make your own flours from the oats and nuts.
prospero's books
you will need empty toilet paper rolls or cut up paper towel rolls or even cut up wrapping paper tubes (which is what i used) paint poster board yarn tape and tacky glue (because regular glue didn't stick very well).
when something bad happens to the people of the world they say “my god” or attribute the natural disaster to “an act of god”
the police investigation isn’t helped by the fact that flare and steele have troubled lives. harlan white a pimp who got on the wrong side of flare is planning to have him killed. and steele has secrets. she leads a double life. she is an interesting woman who pushes her sexual boundaries in private. she travels a journey into her own past and rescues herself. and in a strange way she is helped by the killer she is looking for. and flare has some revelations in store.
i am behind in image making but will catch up this weekend...here is today's offering
ekta kapoor – the lady with the midas touch the lady who changed the face of indian television the multitalented woman of substance who has enthralled millions of audiences with her saasbahu dramas changed the mindsets of the indian audiences is all set to recreate history. her passion for storytelling with a zing and her fancy for risktaking has been proved to success stories earlier.
* i used green tea paste with green tea lotus filling
ein prosit ein prosit die gemütlichkeit ... einz zwei drei suffa
wore it for a few years.
a solid winter warmer not the best but well worth the try.
exciting news today from scacdthree new stamps are being released
i've told the truth i didn't come to fool you
another ooh la frou frou girl
by the last sunday before christmas
meanwhile chiang mai public health chief dr wattana kanjanakamon said large amounts of smoke in the air in his province had caused the number of patients to increase by per cent this month.
the hymenoptera includes bees wasps and ants. although my garden also provides amply for ants we'll stick with the bees and wasps today. following are some of the few portaits i've been able to capture of the many visitors to my gardens. the pollinator magnet pycnanthemum mountainmint in the lamiaceae provides the stage for many of these photos. i'm always amazed at the variety and abundance of insect activity it attracts when blooming.
those of you who have been long and regular readers of this blog and the blog that preceded it will know exactly who atyllah is. for those of you who don't please follow the link from atyllah's picture in the column alongside. here i will simply suffice to say that atyllah is a chicken. with attitude. from a planet called novapulse that's novapullis new chicken geddit?
are you feeling sick daddy?
i can't resist little boxes there are about boxes stored here and many more throughout the house and studio. i've vowed to stop acquiring them. yeah right.
soul and watch yourself
the testimony has proven both painful and poignant especially that of a yearold man who said he had been in love with his parish priest during a fiveyear sexual relationship that began in ninth grade – and jealous when the priest allegedly bedded down at his farmhouse with other teens.
wondrous experience
baba yaga is right. if we have our homes infested with pests we eliminate them. we cull other species because they ‘overpopulate’ and ‘manage’ ancient forests by chopping them down.
the exorcist. women are agents of the devil. eve was the first tempted and since then satan has been able to prove his existence through them. in this reading the three beggars would be agents of god warning protecting and guiding he through the events. this would also speak to the discovery that she had been putting on her son's shoes on the wrong feet perverting and going against nature which is emblematic of satanism... so i'm told...
i've been playing with it and so far i love it i'm really a paper glue and glimmer mist kind of girl but i tried this software and i'm pretty hooked i don't think it's about replacing traditional scrapbooking. it's about enhancing it and using it in different ways.
actually in the end i got to talk to her for a bit. though probably the amount of sentences i ended up saying could be counted on both hands. i was very proud of myself though others may think i hardly talked it was an improvement for me because in the end we actually managed to have a proper conversation. you know like the ones normal people have.
the u.s. always the essential midwife to postwar european reconstruction stability and prosperity is turning inward in one of its most bitterly fought presidential contests in generations. spain’s role as the secondlargest foreign investor in latin america after the u.s. has implications for american exports — just one small example of the bad news for the american economy as europe’s troubles deepen.
do you remember the spank
 the song makes you want to hear it again after its over
today's memorial box story is fresh it just happened a few days ago.
however that being said i totally rejected someone based on their sexual background...or rather the sexual background that he admitted to me...after i joked that i would go out with him for "research". which included a stint as a chippendale dancer. naturally because i've seen quite a bit of porn my first question after that reveal was "so have you ever had sex at a party in front of everyone?" the answer was a yes in capitals. with an explanation about how exciting it was followed by a picture of his cock (which wasn't that impressive) and an explicit proposition. i'm pretty sure that he probably has a video of himself somewhere on the internet and who knows i may have seen it. too forward too creepy too dangerous for me.
another me exists somewhere
that said i don’t overly fret dating a story. i don’t think you can write convincing contemporary settings without occasionally taking that risk.
sprinkle some flour on your worktop and roll out the dough this should be no thicker than mm.
content adapted from thecensus.com
a. i wrote my first picture books when i was three years old. actually i drew the pictures and my mom helped me write the story. then i wrote my first novel when i was in ninth grade. it took me all year and it was pretty terrible. but when i finished i wrote another book and another and another. during my senior year after i'd finished a fantasy novel i went to a writing conference and pitched an agent. but i was too sensitive and i didn't really know anything about the industry and it didn't go well. i left the conference thinking that publishing wasn't for me. i knew i would always write but i figured i wouldn't really pursue being published. i wrote consistently after that but never really showed my writing to anyone. then a year and a half ago i started writing unraveling and joined a writing group for fun. they really loved it and encouraged me to let an agent take a look.
in the foyer up four steps a semicircle desk presided
sigler said it really makes it that much more fun when the fans are involved and it brings the schools together.
check out the qkd facebook page for all the march releases in the next week. check out my march post for details of my blog candy challenge. keep crafting
microwave on mediumlow power for minutes or until it turns thick and caramel color stirring every two minutes.
porque no hice mal.
life in excess of what we can manage or control
for those who wish to pursue an education in health care of any variety you can typically find an online health care degree program that will suit your requirements for distance learning. colleges with very prestigious names these days are offering online learning experiences in a wide variety of health disciplines to the student.
gps with a gps
the woman in the window
i’m stealing a line from a song title today–the famous “rainy days and mondays” by the carpenters . can’t you just hear the tune in your head now? if you can then i can assure you that it’s probably going to be playing in there a long time or at least that’s what happens to me when i am reminded of a song i like–the lyrics and music dance in my brain for hours at a time before fading away often to appear again when i am trying to fall asleep in the middle of the night. curses my brother calls this phenomena ‘ear worms’…an image i actually don’t even like to think about
you make loving fun
but it’s not. most school chicken nuggets have at least a zillion ingredients. okay i exaggerate. maybe they have thirtyfive. modified corn starch soy beef extract and maltodextrin – among other things – are not something i’d want any human to have in moderation. the same goes for cupcakes. i’m not against cake and i’m not against most traditions. just the last two weekends i let my son sing happy birthday and consume cake. but it was my choice. i was there to be his “judgment” and he ate confections. but i also know he’s not likely to eat cake for another whole year. the birthdays for the february babies from my mommy groups are all done and so is the cake. i don’t have to worry about every neighborhood parent running down to the local grocery and bringing a sugar corn syrup and white flour treat right to his preschool desk.
i climbed back into bed snuggled under the warm covers and tried to get back to sleep but i am too light a sleeper to turn off highpitched sounds. without his hearing aids in david was oblivious to the chirps. i was a bit jealous that he could continue to sleep while i hovered between a feeling of exhaustion which cried out for just one more hours’ sleep and irritation at that infernal metronomic chirping.
but even getting out officially isn’t easy. i believe that the us and its allies don’t really give a tinker’s curse about afghanistan; as far as they are concerned if the afghans are intent on living in a barbaric medieval theocracy where women are treated as chattels those who don’t share the faith of the rulers live in fear of death and there’re more or less continual lowlevel wars between various tribes then they’re welcome to do so. admittedly there is the poppy problem – afghanistan is the world’s largest producer of nonpharmaceutical grade opiates (% in ) and also incidentally the world’s largest producer of hashish – but despite all the hype about the socalled war on drugs i have a feeling that (for all sorts of reasons many sordid which i won’t go into here) the us and most other countries can live with that. no the real problems are the two pound
that view of connections to one another could have begun in the ancient jewish belief of blessings and cursings. the translators of christ’s words may have been a bit leery of the idea of cursing someone. “blessed are the meek” was fine. but cursing the unmeek? did they change the words so that we read now the easiertodigest “woe unto him”? as in perhaps “woe unto him who hurts the least of these the children…” . sounds safe enough until you realize this may be an example of the jewish belief in cursing someone in proclaiming your hope in his receiving his just desserts for a particular behavior. pedophilia anyone?
as stated in his book “the leadership engine” tichy noel reinforces that learning is a key requirement for developing leadership. we enhance our unique qualities through learning and education. studying abroad was probably one of the richest experiences of my life. it was a privilege to study for my mba at duke the fuqua school of business. it was a unique moment of my life. the globally focused education allowed me to make a deep personal assessment while providing me with an actionable set of global leadership tools. (not to mention that i met my wife during my mba this is awesome).
peer helping interviews begin april th. students being interviewed are responsible for arriving at their interview time on time. students cannot be in peer helping without successfully completing the interview.
yes i know i still haven’t done my tag post or the two awards i’ve received but i’ll be honest writing and photography and thoughts about those things are always going to come first on this blog. it’s just who i am. i’ll get to those though really i will.
she runs through the doorway and can feel air rushing against her skin as she hurls herself along in long strides. her bruised breasts and body bounce painfully in opposite directions the soles of her feet slapping noisily against the darkened floor. despite the obvious signs of moving closer somehow the woman seems to be receding from her as if the distance between them is growing instead of shrinking. a sense of dread and foreboding fill her and she dares to look over her shoulder only to find her unhappy attendants chasing after her desperately.
which only joy can move. but not for them
in this article we examine the seeedstudio ”bluetooth bee“ modules and how they can be used in a simple way in conjunction with android devices to control the arduino world. here is an example of a bluetooth bee:
the scales are about the same but who cares....i probably could have got down a fair bit this week. i am not enjoying my food as after a few bites it usually feels stuck and that takes away the joy of the food.....it kinda all tastes stuck now and i so miss my vegies too....i mean a few bites of protein and i am done.
the darned birds had of course figured out a long time ago that the café was a splendid place to get a free meal took a loop above dh and i. just as i was about to tuck into my salad a very unwelcome greeting ended up on my plate and that was it. brrrr will make sure to sit under a parasol next time we decide to enjoy an outdoor lunch
mom's and my favorite ingredient. mom said people could eat
the adoption took longer than i thought. i was worried and stressed about patric's health and about his handling the changes what the stress would do to his body. johanne would reassure me "holly he's not going to die".
after living in canberra for the better part of a decade our family was always keen to go swimming at the beach whenever we had the chance. once we moved to brisbane we had ample opportunity for beachgoing and took advantage of being so close to the coast.
so today i had hired a photographer to teach me how to take good reproduction photos of my paintings and how to use photoshop better for the afterwork. i had a vague idea of how most works but learning from a professional sure makes a difference it's a smart short cut. now i am asking myself why i didn't do this earlier... not that i can say i'm mastering it but after a little bit more of practice ... ?
“before you lead me here i may have agreed to such requirement for your assistance but now she is rather a necessity. do not worry though rollin another rollin yet shall be your reward for both you and your wife.”
you will need
industry analysts said too much focus has been given to the “cherry” on top of the deal the sharethat people tend to miss the cream or the mutually beneficial partnership that comes with the cherry.
good thinking
as “facts” pile up pointing to his guilt peter defends his actions basing them on a serious problem with sleepwalking a form of automatism.
about their similarities and the prospect of becoming a pair
murray hamilton – the mayor
 through you i accomplished so much. achievement. hurt. humiliation. elation. the making of new friendships. the transformation of old friends into enemies. the abandonment of the familiar the safe for the great unknown. you gave me a son. you gave me the feeling that everything and nothing was impossible. you scared the fuck out of me and never let me act like a little bitch about it. i hate you . and i thank you for every single minute.
you refer to your friends as mr. or mrs.
i confidently examined the packaging reached down to my right jeans pocket and... uhoh. i found myself forced to whimper "uh marko do you have a knife?" which in itself is an inane question to me; what kind of adult goes about their business without a knife on their person?
it is also notable that there were no major wars and only a few "national liberation" skirmishs in the new world (cuba nicaragua etc.).
personal attributes: a. strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding
you're searching too; restless and vulnerable.
as always with tove jansson's moomin books the dark and fearful possibilities of such a scenario are delivered in a text bubbling with optimism and charm. and so as moominpappa recounts his misspent youth through his long awaited volume of memoirs we are taken on a dazzling adventure of surreal and bizarre experiences.
from: mcguire lisa e.
and then kicker:
:pm: special project
matlin's statement was more than a little hypocritical. the ibo makes a reasonable case that most of the direct subsidies go to the arena as the other subsidies would be asofright.
pink cardigan zara
and such a drag on such as me;
the story then involves a journalist from america a very old man from brazil and his family in turkey who know much more about the monks than anybody outside the citadel a policeman who tries to investigate the death and the monks themselves.
‘a magnificent novel that flawlessly brings together history and intrigue’ juan gómezjurado author of the moses expedition
spinning
god? who se? anyway obviously ‘write’. then i could read what i’d written thus sneakily defeating your conundrum.
the sad thing though is that the mediocre review scores were probably enough to put a lot of people off even trying the game in the first place. why bother buying and playing a “″ when you could play a “″? this problem becomes compounded when you take into account the fact that a lot of publishers make strategic decisions about what franchises they want to explore further — and in extreme cases which development studios get to keep taking home their paycheques — based on metacritic scores. do you think we’ll ever get another nier (or at least a game like it)? probably not. why? because it’s too risky. nier has its fans sure but they number relatively few and aren’t necessarily going to be enough to let the game make a profit.
"we hope that by sending them to rehabilitation they will eventually repent." rtwtwhen a sharia madness takes hold of a society the music usually dies because mohammed hated music. but what the sharia tyrants in aceh fail to realize is that once rock 'n roll has touched one's soul it will never ever die and kids who rock aren't the type to submit meekly as you try to take away something that can bring a most fundamental joy because rock has always been for the rebels the young and the young at heart and rock and roll will never die. the kids will find a way to undermine you always. it is a universal truth.
i quickly took my wallet out and counted the cash in it. i was definitely notes of thousand rupees short. i replayed the whole exchange in my head again and realised my folly – of never having looked at the driver and what he was doing throughout the exchange.
this is the perfect project for that wee one in your life or for a quick baby shower present. so here is a quick little tutorial for you all.
and the children of israel sent phinehas the son of eleazar the priest to the children of reuben and the children of gad and the halftribe of manasseh to the land of gilead
sort of anyway. sometimes you just want a flavor combination or a certain taste sensation but don't have the ingredients to pull it off. enter an insane desire for a gyro and house devoid of gyro meat pita bread tzatziki sauce and fresh tomatoes and one determined mother who is not going to the store and you get desperation vegetarian gyros. and i'll be damned if they weren't actually pretty good.
each year this event has some sort of theme (don't ask me why i can't actually remember anymore it just does ok) we've had top ten films desert island discs top debut albums etc etc. this year e. f rice hit on the genius idea that we all create a cd made up of your favourite tunes from the last months burn enough copies for everyone and then dish em out. the rules were simple all of the tracks had to either:
shak also visited the property with an associate and vociferously pushed
because if brightness lives in all our souls
hooray for blogging.
our schedule has been busy and i have been seeking how to eliminate. the answers are not clear yet but i have today. i have a precious gift of a day at home. thank you lord for nudging a dear friends heart to minister such grace and blessing to me. i am so grateful and am being restored in this gift of quiet and rest.
pearl bracelet wedding gift hong kong
i originally wanted to traditionally publish and sent eleven submissions away and spent a long time perfecting each one. after receiving five rejections i decided to selfpublish. six months on i still haven’t heard from the other six agents to whom i submitted my work.
while they were still speaking about this he stood in their midst and said to them “peace be with you.”
another example of jim's larges is recounted in chapter ("the pink pagoda is born") where jim describes what allowed him to be successful (and protected) inside china:
an al qaeda media strategist wrote that fox sucks cnn is better and msnbc shouldn’t have fired olbermann in the greatest act of trolling ever.
“the money power preys on the nation in times of peace and conspires against it in times of adversity. it is more despotic than monarchy more insolent than autocracy more selfish than bureaucracy. it denounces as public enemies all who question its methods or throw light upon its crimes.” – abraham lincoln
gift: fortitude (courage) – with the gift of courage we overcome our fear and are willing to take risk as a follower of jesus. a person with courage is willing to stand up for what is right in the sight of god even if it means accepting rejection verbal abuse or even physical harm and death.
i think i've been spotted.
fourth course
check out other great crafts from these blogs below that were showcased on my slide show
the differences of believers and non believers must be withdrawn. christians you must realize — we are equal. and what you will find is that the evil and suffering in the world is not due to non believers buddhists or muslims — but a source fundamentally much closer to you — yes. join your brothers and sisters and many in arms against zionism and let yourselves unite the citizens of the united states cannot be defeated when united. your founding fathers were a small group who set the course of change for the entire nation who compromised their differences. let us draw swords together against your government and restore the real america. let us fight. zionists greedy financial magnets and politicians locking control of the american politic — back off. surrender the constitution in its original form to the people. or else this war will end in the shattering of one of the two warring parties. eh pack may know this to be the people of the united states — but we know it to be all zionists. we are not fucking playing.
) knowing these truths..
holy nation deep
many of my clients are exploring newgeneration virtual learning strategies such as twoway video virtual classrooms and the like. we’re also going to need to move into some interesting digital design work – technology that serves up our content in more dynamic and userfriendly fashion.
do it for the blokes as call each other duck
i choose to be rich in consciousness and rich in dollar to god’s glory in christ jesus amen
also why aren't we taught about the greed and brutality of the spaniards against the taino (who have been remembered as " naked savages" in our history books if at all) and how the taino were murdered and enslaved on that second voyage? why are we not taught about the third voyage & how when king ferdinand & queen isabella of spain heard about columbus' actions in the "new world" he was sent back tospain in chains to stand trial for his crimes was convicted and stripped of his titles?
rebecca’s take:
"my sign says 'you are loved' because i really believe deep down in the bottom of my very soul that if the mamas and the daddies knew... if they really knew... that they are loved and precious... if they understood that their lives had value then they would be unable to take the precious valuable life of the little one they carry."
poems set as sketches or quick character studies writing poems on many names both big and small including doctor doom the joker lex luthor magneto electra lady deathstrike ra’s al ghul doctor octopus bullseye the green phoenix as well as sections on various comic book geographies. the book is sectioned into five from “rogues gallery: domination” (male villains) “stronghold” (countries and other similar locations) “rogues gallery: girl fight” (female villains) “bondage” (prisons and other similar locations) and “rogues gallery: destruction” (darker male villains). her two poems for joker play against the two sides of his character from the predominant view of the character over the decades to the much darker view presented in the infamous
this was a good book. brad and darlene have moved their three children from the big city to the country. they were high school sweethearts and have been married for years. their eldest chad was running with the wrong crowd. their youngest has learning difficulties and she seems to be doing significantly better but their 'good kid' may have problems that neither is aware of. darlene feels the need to venture outside the home for some fulfillment and it causes serious issues with the family.
so until i have free time i’m going to do as much as i can but i won’t be stressing myself out if i can’t be ironwoman. yet.
zephirine drouhin
even in the snow the line usually stretched all the way around pushkin square and people waited for hours to enter a roiling madhouse of warmth and fried smells where you’d shout your order across people’s shoulders to the smiling young people working their dream job. yes we ate there. don’t judge us too harshly. after weeks or months of having to fight with (or bribe) an assortment of surly maitre’d's for the right to sit down in a restaurant sometimes you just want to get a fucking burger without resorting to conflict or extortion. and the cultural scene at pushkin square that fall was rather festive really— a comical soviet take on freemarket economies. enterprising souls offered photo ops with cardboard cutouts of gorbachev or giant stuffed animals; missionaries handed out russianlanguage bibles. and we waited if you can imagine hours for a dvoinnoi cheezboorgair.
one badly wounded a forest ranger in october. the following month another fatally pierced the heart of a local matsiguenka indian nicolas “shaco” flores who had long maintained a relationship with the mashcopiro.
“i love you” he whispered.
xscissor
that's what i don't want to do.
i could see marlene’s shoulders tensing. “i’m marlene drayer and this is my friend lyddia veil.” i stepped forward and tried to smile my nicest smile. it bounced off her face like a spit ball hitting a kevlar vest and i made a note to self to whiten my dentures tonight.
about two months ago i decided to take a copics class. i have been wanting to try them out for awhile and i was able to make a beginner's class at memories live on. i really enjoyed my class and i have been getting a marker whenever i can. in the class we were able to use a my favorite thing (mft) stamp and i just loved the little figures in the sets and i love the cute little sentiments that come along with them.
she enjoyed spending time with the little girl we met on monday night. she's also new and her name is elizabeth so teagan was excited to have a friend with a name matching mommy's.
usa and canada residents only please.
me: *blush* thanks boo
thankfully the show was almost over and i thought that was the end of that. until she asked for it again. and again. and then the next night and the next night. "i don't want dora i want the bug shoooow"
if you have made it to the end of this letter...a special thanks to you for reading. mother or father sister or brother...you may have experienced something like this yourself. you will know that sometimes it is best to talk about it or in my case write about it. i have faith.
class ii crossslabs date from nechtan’s reform: either mounted warriors conversing with angels or the cross carefully fused with prechristian symbols which were familiar the message was clear: landed pictish aristocrats are following in the ways of christian heroes – and you can too
whew i'm going to have to rethink this living long enough to finish it all.
my family
who found the whole "reentry process" to be one of the most excruciatingly painful things she had to go through in her new relationship with christ? this sister.
in a large bowl whisk together the olive oil curry powder coriander powder cumin powder and salt. add the florets and toss to coat evenly.
. am . pm
. what makes you proud of your mom? "she's like a kingpin in the unschooling community." (and then chloe says "kingpin?" "it's a good word okay?")
 el diabolo en el ojo
just to give an idea of our anniversaries though:
thankyou dear beautiful girl for choosing me as your mama i can't wait to see what the next months has in store for us
director: john ford
try to get your ex to meet you in a nonromantic setting. like for a game or to a place where you are meeting your common friends. this way none of you feels uncomfortable with the situation and you have fun with each other.
first here is an astonishing image of our dear planet (click on it to see the detail) that i ran across in the the blue marble: earth post over on the metousiosis blog:
good luck to us all...
today we gathered at the asian american cultural center with several other asian organizations including vsa tasa raps and rcc to discuss and learn about the different ways that stress nutrition and exercise affect our bodies and our mindset among the issues discussed were the importance of and methods to relieve stress the history and usage of traditional asian medicine the significance of diet and exercise traditional forms of asian exercise. we also got to much on some delicious carrots
ps i did not calculate this meal knowing that i was not going to be going anywhere near my pointsplus limits that week. lol
because in that time i really miss you.
samuil petrovitch is a survivor.
steeped in debt to the chimney pots by steve berman
it touched my cheek then went on free.
the main edition of the faithgirlz bible is hardcover but it is also available in two italian duotone designs. for better portability there is also an niv faithgirlz backpack bible. this compact edition does not include the intext features that the fullsize edition has but it does have twelve fullcolor pages of faithgirlz fun the words of christ in red and a ribbon marker. an ebook version is also planned for electronic use.
light a candle and eat your masterpiece
cock robin when your heart is weak us
 cup + tbsp cornstarch.
existing legislation defines a living wage in new york city as a minimum of $ per hour with benefits or $. per hour without benefits.
if you are a new mommy maybe you shouldn't read this. but scary mommy explains how the sleepless nights never really end. parenting does not get better.
 fresh chicken breast boneless skinless $.b ($.g eating right)
) medium size potatoes cut into thin slices
. stupid me
he just smiled but his eyes studied her. watchful. probing. aware.
witt also offers some revisionist history:
in this case the applicant filed the ’ patent on july as the u.s. national stage application of the original pct application. "however" the court noted "july is not the "u.s. filing date" of the ’ patent":
an infallible reason to live all by itself
if you cannot get away for the entire weekend please still come visit with me at simply oklahoma in guthrie on the second saturday art walk and plan on taking home some lovely lovely things.
we got into the waiting room and they called me back a few times. once for consent forms & payment a second time for final eye check ups (like the dryness of my eyes and thickness of corneas) once to give me valium to relax & an advil and then finally to go into the waiting area.
see you in a few months.
i have purchased the seriff craft artist professional programme that has been such a life line as i have been able to do some scrap pages and more baby thankyou cards and i can craft with one hand and print out later .. i do much prefer to uses scissors glue inks e.c.t but it is allowing me to release a little creativity at the moment.
the world beat program from mendo with lilia a brasiliera.
"two weeks last summer" – (:)
the drug control unit out of area b made a heroin bust on fayston street near blue hill avenue. they arrested a party named kimball clark and after he was lugged clark got to make his one phone call. according to the police report here’s what happened:
mister man: kristen?
“we saw you in the supermarket buying boxes of cheap lager for £. we are the paramilitary wing of camra what reasoned argument will not solve we sort out. we are taking you to a pub and we are going to make you drink cask ale until you damn well get used to it and start to like it. you’ll thank us for it in the end”
the map of kilimanjaro park is really helpful to have and again starts to put things in perspective. however looking at the elevations and having dan talk me through the various parts of the hike and explain how treturous some of it could be it also made me nervous. it will be great to come back and look at this map and see where i went and the heights that we reached.
you may well ask: what on earth am i doing worrying about legislation being passed on the other side of the atlantic? (eta: especially considering how far behind we are in ireland e.g. abortion isn’t legal ireland except in extreme circumstances – good point r)
hoping you’d tell me how you love the morning sun
so here’s the radical thought to sit with for a second: the earth produces food without the help of human beings. some of the plants that we consider a nuisance and call weeds are actually edible. before you start foraging for dinner among your local neighborhood make sure you get educated. back in the day it was common knowledge what to eat and what not to eat. we have lost that common knowledge and now must rely on field guides and experts to learn what we can forage in our local bioregion. this fact that the earth supports all of the life on it without the help of human beings is the central idea of the sabbath practices which culminate in this yearlong practice of cultivating the mindfulness of our place within the creation that sustains us.
many other schools will call out police officers at the drop of a hat.
 days.
more thoughts on river song. bishop octavian reveals that river was in prison because she killed a man. a good man we are told a hero to many. the implication is that this good man is the doctor. but octavian has thoughout both this episode and the previous constantly asked river if the doctor can be trusted or is he just a madman. octavian seems to have no knowledge of who the doctor is. so either octavian was giving hints to the doctor and building him up or it really isn’t the doctor that river kills. regardless the final scene between the doctor and octavian is touching and reveals octavian to be a great and noble character.
. what customhabits do you find most strange about your adopted culture?
but then he got desperate. he was down to his last puff of helium and the world was beginning to darken around him. and then someone went and turned the vacuum cleaner on.
hence one simple shakespeare play that is sure to lighten the scorn and fatigue created by scores of the more or less similar roms coms is the famous hilarious ‘a midsummer night’s dream.‘ you may have read a summary or watched the film but nothing can beat watchingerusing the actual play with its funny twists and turns ample confusion and blunders modicum of magic and loads of love to entertain you thoroughly.
between songs there were a few celebrity guests who were either adopted themselves (nicky campbell and james o’brien) had adopted children (clare grogan and sinnita) or were an adopted uncle in the case of former yes keyboards wizard and current tvadio star rick wakeman. each related their own experiences and each one tugged at your emotions in a different way (although rick wakeman bless him couldn’t resist getting a few gags in).
***update :***
why is the logo a heart shape? well we had explained to cecil and ana how our enterprise will be a family business we as twins working hard together and our mum helping us occasionally and dad always hovering in the background. as ana explained when she went through it with us the heart symbolises our unity as a family working on the business together and it also epitomises the fact that we put the customer first our central ethos is to help the customer and ensure they have a good shopping experience.
sweater: j.crew
i guess when i get down to it my main issue with the week is that it's been so crazy and offkilter that i worry it is really me that is crazy and offkilter. know that feeling? it's sort of that feeling that if you can't find the drunk at the party it's probably you. right?
we've recently been without a pastor for quite awhile and our conference was trying to decide what to do with us. we were in a district with two other small churches. they decided to put us in a district with a larger church instead which means we would share their pastor which is where we are now. except because of the negative rap we've gotten in the past they have decided to watch us to see if they want to actually put us officially with the larger church or...just let us die. the pastor is overseeing us. i don't think they have ever heard good things about us. it's unfair really. lately our church has been changing so much. i can really see god in it. and a man (that i knew a few years back in another church) is joining that said the reason he came was because he heard about what was going on and wanted to help us. he even said that if they closed our church and put the church and parsonage up for sale he would even consider buying it...that was after i told him that if they shut this church down we'd start a new one. we need a church in our town. so i know the lord is working here. i feel it things are happening.
costume design: the artist mark bridges
the compassion she has for hurting people is clear throughout the book. still she brings up concepts that aren’t pleasant to embrace but she works from a biblically solid base for what she says and she bathes it all in god’s fierce love and compassion. i definitely recommend this book to one and all.
red chili powder tsp
matter of fact it wasn't until my second year of college until i again ventured to real bar.
same disclaimer: if you are a student or former student of mine a family member (particularly my kid) or a friend of mine with a certain sensibility you might not want to know this much about me. you’ve been warned.
her destiny;
. name things you bought yesterday?
"we were able to connect with complaints from members of the public. the radio control was working."
he gave her a skeptical look and she added “really” she dug into her bag. “here’s my driver’s licence.”
our theme for this months magnolialicious blog hop is luscious lace. so i've added some lace borders around my card. i really love the scene i've created. these stamps are perfect together.
“it doesn’t matter what the market is doing i don’t say whether or not it’s a good time to buy” association chief economist cameron muir said in an interview monday. “that being said i would suspect investors are actively looking in the marketplace for bargains. if you compare today vs. a year ago investing in real estate is more attractive than it was then.”
) as a ritual it provides a regular point of connection as a family. i’ve always held family meals as sacred and am loathe to give many of them up during the week unless it’s to share them with friends (friends are always welcome). playing games at the meal table extends that time together and makes it feel even more like a special occasion.
. marcus lattimore south carolina – i don’t think it will take long to for him to get back in form he’ll be better than ever coming back from injury.
“ decorating is not about making stage sets it’s not about making pretty pictures for magazines; it’s really about creating a quality of life a beauty that nourishes the soul. design is coming to grips with one’s real lifestyle one’s real place in the world. rooms should not be put together for
i’m tired
hypothyroidism
david murray got the £ fixed penalty after wardens saw yearold pooch elliott crouching in the street.
deeper and higher.
and while the blame game gets underway the fact remains that no amount of denials or “passing the buck” is going to help the prime minister and his team.
the embossing folder is a new one for my collection from sizzix
noah: “do you mean wayne my mom’s dad?”
(i swear this is knitting related just bear with me.)
sayid most certainly did. he led locke to the reveal of peaceful desmond tied to a tree.
graeme and i were standing over the blob gazing at it rather forlornly when he said "wait" he turned the baking sheet around and said "look it's a perfect troll face." and indeed it was.
chesterfield mo 
and so my friends
there were many more wonderful moments during the conference but this post is already way too long and i don't want to bore all of you anymore. all i can say is that if you haven't gone to an scbwi annual conference yet don't miss it. it will be an experience that you'll never forget.
the frog did not understand that question and did not reply also. finally it turned out...that the winner was deaf he told " i saw you all that you were encoraging me by waving your hands to reach the top...so i was able to reach there..."
but four current and former cleaners and handymen said the home renovations took place on weekends from as early as through and included electrical plumbing and roof work cabinetmaking painting and plastering.
on watching a trailer for the event i was shocked to discover that the girls aren’t actually very good at reading. some of them can barely pant out the words without tripping over their tongues. heaven knows how they get away with fobbing off the audience with such amateurish performances. i certainly wouldn’t let them read me a bedtime story until they’d been properly trained in oral exposition.
in any case this is a great time to begin planning your mini projects for the months ahead when most of us will be spending lots of time indoors.
hugh walpole – mrs lunt
you can do this with any frame and any ribbon.
a positive weekend story.
at the same time junsu…
“no” she said brushing her bangs out of her eyes still all nonchalant as she took a seat in front of me. “well actually they’re looking for an englishspeaking writer in the paris office.” pause. our eyes locked. “i thought of you.” we both started to smile. “on the louis vuitton account” she finished dramatically.
we were sort of focusing on this make it for singles thing. but as we continue to reshape the playdough we have decided wth why not just open it up to all? so that's this month's experiment. all of y'all are welcome and you better show up or else. we'll meet tomorrow at the snug which is actually located inside of tom's tabooley on the drag. cover is $. we start at and end at . here's what you do:
the last time i had this from keg it was dreadful. yesterday it was much much better a stunning beer packed with spicy hops. i think it rather benefited from having some of the co knocked out of it but amy and krista also said they’re very careful about the carbonation levels in the keg. the pitcher full of beer has a good few centimetres of dense creamy foam on top and looks deeper in colour than usual due to the greater volume. it was also an educational experience to taste it side by side with the maltier more biscuity west st mungo lager.
view that is very elegant style and look professional this templatestyle
smuttynose owner peter egelston said the farmhouse is being moved yards east to make room for the new squarefoot brewing facility. building will begin in spring .
yo wootay these niggas think i lost it
i would rather travel deep into the ocean than travel into space the way things are today. the oceans are so teeming with such diversity of life with so many different kinds of sea creatures and plants. i would love to be able to see the many life form deep in the sea that can’t be seen from land. space travel would be exciting experiencing weightlessness and seeing the earth from high above but i would much prefer to see the fishes and the coral reefs and the whales and dolphins and other living organisms in the sea if i had a choice.
cheese: camembert tremblaye: shhhh a thermalized camembert from france.
hope to share life with you some more in the future.
(pulls out cash)
“more.”
harriet tubman
author fred laurence guiles speculates that chaplin was insecure; that his fragile ego couldn’t stand the competition. however this author’s humble theory is rather the opposite. laurel was in no sense chaplin’s equal. he’d been his understudy with the karno troupe. when the tour disintegrated he made his living for awhile as a chaplin imitator (one of countless but adding a legitimate grievance to the disdain chaplin may have felt.)
story: the world is ending in a few days. no getting out of it – we’re all goners. what do you do with the time you have left? yeah it’s a comedy.
two years on bryce is safetosay fully settled in and has even gone about creating his own community of likeminded individuals. here he talks about how he came up with the idea of combining the appeal of a cold beer sizzling sausages and burgers and good banter.
there is a street in washington d.c. which has been named for this hero of the gay movement documents and papers of his were part of an exhibition on civil rights at the library of congress and his picket signs from are now in the smithsonian institution.
highway: us (*updated*)
"button your shirt. tie your own shoe.
updated :
one of the most insightful comments i’ve seen came from emmalise on a post i wrote last february. she talked about how she likes the teamwork aspect of raiding how rewarding it is when people all team up and get a boss fight. a week of wipes and frustration and let’strythis and whataboutthat pays off when suddenly it all clicks. i call it the collective aha moment and it’s an important part of why i raid too.
ml calvados
after we had our fill of cheddar (no pun intended) we started out for bath.
longtermers tell me it's a rite of passage up here and i must say i am surprisingly more relaxed about it than i thought i would be. i'm fine my pup is fine. that's all i really care about.
embrace the brown exotic
my first boy arrived home a couple of days before christmas with lots of stories and funny moments and a gigantic hug for us all. in most of the photos he looks genuinely happy reveling in the fun of exploring a new place away from home. i am glad that he felt secure enough to leave us remembering the littler boy who never wanted to leave my side even at the playground.
and through an open window
on the left half of the panel on the east wall jefferson’s view on freedom is depicted:
and my brother.
vann garden is open again on sunday june to sunday june from : to : and of course every wednesday until july . there are no refreshments available and the oldfashioned outside toilet is worth a visit – even if it is just to read the poem on the door
“how shall we live knowing we will die? many of us simply do not know. without the “aid” of a diagnosis of terminal illness we may drift for years at a time lost frightened and confused. so we seek to unravel our confusion–to amputate our inner “don’t know”–by going to a host of workshops seeking out a variety of therapists reading piles of books consulting with scores of teachers friends lovers and acquaintances to fill in the blanks to replace the gnawing emptiness of “don’t know.”
the sticky stuff is called honeydew it’s actually excretions from the aphids and it’s sweet and delicious if you’re an ant – so that’s what they’re doing. sometimes ants will “farm” aphids carrying them up into a plant to provide a source of honeydew clever little buggers they are
a total of £ of taxpayers’ cash was spent on clearing a site in wednesfield last may after nine caravans set up camp at the junction of planetary road and wednesfield way.
i'm really getting tired of people at work with nothing to do. it seems like it's perfectly fine for them to interrupt those of us who are actually working and actually have things to do just because they're bored. they're too busy shopping on ebay to do what we asked her to do but it's perfectly ok for her to come downstairs and run her mouth and get up in everyone's shit and then get annoyed with us because we don't respond. i'm going to have to start brining earplugs or listening to the ipod at maximum volume so i can tune everyone who isn't someone i work close with out. i can't wait until the big boss comes back then everyone will calm down and act like the adults i know they are supposed to be.
i honestly feel great compared to last time. so good that she was born friday in the am and we left the hospital sat before noon. we just wanted to be home and ready to start our life as a family of four.
a few minutes later we walked over to the rose arbor which was filled with climbing roses. we sat on a bench holding hands and talking for about minutes.
kim: doc?
general election
but what if we manufactured others things? bicycles? electric bicycles? small ride on electric vehicles for getting around the city? solar panels? small appliances? power tools? precision instruments? microcomputers? laboratory equipment? large scale nurseries for for the forest industries? clothing using our own wool? it seems the possibilities are endless. the problems are endless too.
have a fun personality)
philpop is not just a onetime bigtime shot at fame. it can be that stepping stone to building a long and successful music career. more than anything else it’s a chance to carve a niche in the industry and change the landscape of local music” adds cayabyab.
tomorrow’s mixed bag deals with the theme of happiness and all songs on tomorrow’s show will be connected to it in some way.
i need to get some irregular present tense verbs introduced in level before sending the students off to level . i want to keep the verbs in context as much as possible so today i created a couple of activities to focus the students’ attention on saber and conocer the verbs “to know” in spanish.
it’s : in cape town it’s cold and rainy (just how i like it – you know “together weather”) and on days like this there is music out there that just fit perfectly with this weather so i spent the some time working on a mix stories for rainy days with all my favorite tracks and artists such as mndsgn devonwho ahnnu lowleaf swarvy and many more that go hand in hand with the rain listen and download after the jump…enjoy…
this time it would be greebo's fun new chaos dwarves with the old classic gw hobgoblins.
the group’s leader staff sergeant calvin gibbs then allegedly threw a grenade at the man while an order was given for him to be shot.
so i decided to move away from my hometown of burlington and make big big changes because i was bored of the sameness that i was feeling. i didn’t want to get stuck in a rut and years from now wonder what happened with my life. i changed everything. i sold my car quit my job left my family and friends and all of the comforts that got too comfortable.
cuddling does not require all your attention your mind can be busy while your cuddling thinking about your favorite things. if you’re feeling a little bit more lively you can mix up the extended classic with a rub or squeeze and a little tickle.
shortly after my last post i was injured. not hurt you can play through hurt – rather injured. i had a severe muscle rupture along the left side of my torso. you knowm the muscles that flex when you twist loft your arms or do anything relating to most fitness?
you gave all you had. why you wanna give more?
it’s a marvel that even with such agony the longing doesn’t diminish it continues to feed on the loneliness and gain strength. it grows stronger so does love even the unrequited one for it has its own rainbows.
how about if i post a new painting to start things off.
here is the second pie for pi day (also known as national collegeculinista day). this one is really exciting. i'm not saying that red velvet pudding pie isn't exciting but it already sounds amazing. cheddar apple pie sounds a little scary. however the magic is that the cheddar is in the crust genius i love cheese and apples and this combo sounds great this one is also going to the school of education for snack time.
. in which we stockpile hope by auburn meadow farm. this brilliant method of straining then freezing tomato puree saves both time and energy.
fast retailing was the strongest performer of the leading global clothing footwear accessories and luxury goods retailers. the company’s strong performance was driven by the high scores it received across all the pillars.
an eye
medal of honour: mr mitchell with the inchlong bullet out of his leg
i took the car out of gear and pulled on the hand break. i felt my face flushing.
anyway this one pours an inky black with red highlights but only at the extreme edges because of how thick this one is. not as opaque as ten fidy or bourbon county but it doesn't have to be. good sized head on an aggressive pour that's dark brown and fades to a sheet but stays there.
. san diego museum of man
tiny heart fluttering in her chest
getting a yoga class or buying a yoga video clip can be a fantastic approach to improve your private advancement. this historical workout involves developing stretches and a cardiovascular system exercise to make it an allaround great type. furthermore you will get mental clearness and focus although exercising yoga exercises. try out yoga right now.
everyone we came in contact with was extremely courteous friendly and helpful. from lisa at the front desk who checked us in to the girl at concierge desk who was so nice and helpful in trying to track down our lost luggage at the airport (thankfully it arrived very early the next morning). sweet foresia who cleaned our room everyday and gave us extra towels and a great smile...ron presman the manager who checked in with us to make sure we enjoyed our stay...the very nice omar who took our picture and packed our luggage in our rental car.
gaza city (ma’an) — the ministry of education in gaza announced monday that afternoon classes will be canceled after israeli forces bombed a school playground killing a student.
shampoo and condition your hair. if you are transitioning by wearing your loose relaxed hair (no wig sewins or braids) cleanse your hair using a sulfatefree shampoo at least once every one to two weeks. follow each shampoo with a quality moisturising conditioner. finger and r comb hair while the conditioner is in. rinse out. if your hair is braided or weaved cleanse your hair every four to six weeks followed by a deep conditioner after removing your extensions.
"what's my favorite sex name?" i asked.
) my job (and by extension my income)
now you ask yourselves what has this to do with my mother? well one of the things she left me (how glad am i that i don't have brothers and sisters) is a letter written by georges sand. as i grew up it was always in a frame in the corner of our living room and i took no interest in it. in fact it was only when i went through all my mother's possessions about years ago now that i truly looked at this letter. since i've been in france and have found out a lot more about french culture and have also started studying times gone by i now have an idea of just how famous george sand is. so i thought i can sell this letter for vast sums and make a collector happy.
shipping & handling? who pays that shit? even my pound bed didn't have s&h tacked on. (builtin tho the base price? yeah sure because in this world nothing is really free.)
on my own estimation capitalism is nearing its dialectical movement from a free market to a more communal sensitive mechanism where profit if not abolished is turned into a social equitable return which helps the fringes of the market and society. communism offers a hard pill to swallow but it may prove to be a starting stage for a socially responsive system where no one’s left and we all move into the same direction towards abolition of greed brought by wealth and power in vicious circle or capital and labor.
got some stuff done this weekend. i submitted the sevenfold spell to my first epub market today. here's hoping i also wrote out a complete outline for a hollywood miracle which i didn't really intend to do when i sat at the computer but now that i have it i'm going to use it. i bought some colored postits so i can use different colors for each storyline. that way i can merge all the storylines on some sort of board and easily be able to pick out each storyline.
as he brings those he has been ordered to collect home a new world unravels for the elves that neither has expected. as the king claims his bride eden hears a different voice for the great guardian has recognized her for what she is. tratchar. a title that has been lost in time and is said only to live in legend. none have lived in the living memory of those who dwell in the empire. embraced by the forest that surrounds her revered by the inhabitants eden seeks no more than to regain the peace she knew in the valley while gabriel wishes no more than to hold her tight to his side.
bier brewery belgian dubbel
my heart singing
can future days 
it’s been another rough week and i cannot believe it’s weekend already. i’m definitely in no mood for any serious stuff so here’s a naughty joke i’d like to share with the world:
here is a track that has naff all to do with rsd but comes from the best album i have bought this year and that is including the spiritualized one. i do urge everyone to go get this.
commercial dvd availability: 
housing also exemplifies another point. one year i slept in a tent. not every night but typically about five or six nights per week. i had a place to go in the daytime; i just had this atypical nighttime lodging. this was out in the countryside. for the most part i camped in very pretty settings — in the woods in meadows on the edge of a large river. it was beautiful. there was the time a deer stood panting immediately outside; there were the nights when huge snowflakes came gently brushing down the sides of the tent. this cost me virtually nothing. yet it was something that my ivy league classmates in manhattan could not afford. their lives simply did not permit — in fact their lives did not even notify them that they should desire — an extended outing like this. some will pass their entire lives in their little boxes barricaded by their own pity from seriously considering that some of what passes for poverty is actually not that pitiful.
time for another challenge over at whoopsie daisy and this time we want you to use a tag whether it is a stand alone tag or a tag on a card it's up to you. my teamies have come up with some amazing projects this week quite breathtaking.
something else that you'll notice by looking at the procession in the first photo is that all of the horses are approximately the same size. that's one of the three criteria that the republican guard use to select horses from farms in normandy. the other two are color and age.
happy new year greetings to all my family and friends. i've received so many letters from you all but as of now i have received no news from my brothers. please also send me news of heinrich and forenski and send them my greetings. the next letter (i write) i will send to uncle and aunt.
the fighter works as uproarious glance at the type of familial love that is linked directly to familial dysfunction it also works as a spritely boxing tale and it may work best as an exploration of the socioeconomic and psychological restraints burdens and inherent contradictions brought on when one is part of a blue collar stayathome urban culture. (really.) the fighter is wonderfully ambivalent about it all a movie both crackling and kinetic yet brushed with deserved pathos. it’s obvious that david o. russell like darren aronofsky is currently working on all cylinders thus the devout and ever hopeful faithful filmgoer should be already brimming with anticipation over their respective next movie moves.
what are they like then? well they are like pickled eggs i suppose. vinegary eggs. like a nastier version of boiled eggs. like someone thought “how can i take a nice boiled egg and make it nasty i know vinegar” they really are quite rank. the first bite of vinegary egg wasn’t that bad. it was as if my mind was trying to decide whether i liked it or not. the second my mind had been made up. ewww not good.
i got baptised during a sunday evening service a few weeks after the lock in and attended church all the time: sunday school sunday morning service sunday evening service wednesday evening youth fellowship and wednesday evening service. my mother dutifully drove me to and from but never joined me. i even worked as a junior counselor at vacation bible school that summer earning $ for an entire summer's worth of work. my pentecostal relatives were relieved that i'd chosen a different path than my wayward father even if it was with the southern baptists rather than their much more conservative (if you can even imagine) church.
so there you go. a miscellaneous blog post complete with what i am making for dinner. happy days.
this creature has the statistics of a mersc feond from chapter save that it also has the attack "bite @ : damage d plus opposed roll on con. versus poison potency of or the wound festers and blisters giving the character point of damage per round if they participate in combat while wearing clothing." it has eight points of armor due to its aqueous nature which makes it resistant to stabbing and chopping attacks.
some of the things that i've discovered about fifth graders while playing the game is that they get the difference between opinion and fact. they noticed that sometimes the best facts can get removed from a wikipedia article making it less strong.
you might want to try reading it sometime.
got a writing job
his father buck arrived in socorro in the forties to con some money out of conrad hilton. that part worked. but when ol' connie found out buck wound up on the clink and root grew up visiting his poppa every other weekend at the pen three hours away.
this is an a card using kraft cardstock from ctmh as the base. the green layer three pieces of different polka dot paper layer the dark chocolate punched layer and the circle cut are all from the pink paisley (i think) scrapbooking kit from my lss. i added some divine twine green apple. the stamp is from my craft spot tiny tags set the tag is cut from tbbm digital edition.
remember the words jesus said once “when you gave your brother friend or a stranger water fed them and gave them a place to cover them from the rain you also did it for me.”
includes latest nys regulations manual practice testing study guide test scheduling & certificate.
what i don’t like: lacks web clipping feature.
it was just damn
cholesterol:mg
i had first laid my eyes on it while i was celebrating my sister’s birthday at her friend’s gorgeous beach house.
in other news i signed up for an animation course over the summer i’m pumped hopefully it’ll be fun and i’ll learn a lot about flash and stuff.
it is driving me insane i find myself repeating the same thing overs and over again through out the day everyday for example if one of them wants to get on the computer when one is getting off. they intentionally log off anyway and say they didn't hear them. when we know they did because they made a smart comment to the other one. well not only are they making the other one angry. they are making me angry right along with them because i am constantly mediating between the two and when they log off i have to go log the other one back on because it is password protected.
she talks about her diamond ring with all those pretty things that make it glitter in the sunlight
a student comes to you and asks you a question that you don't know the answer to. maybe about life about the bible about a current event about pop culture. about anything.
remember earlier i said that most people don’t have this question “figured out yet.” that’s because they have not fully understood the first question. (are you getting this?) knowing who you are is the stepping stone to knowing why you are here. because in addition to the common answers given above the rest of our “who are you?” answer is about the skills and abilities that the father has gifted us with. those skills and abilities are your clue to why you are here. the word says that we are all part of the “body of christ.” (see corinthians : for the details.) i am convinced that each of us in the body has a specific mission that requires the gifts and talents we have been perfectly given. we must use those skills and gifts for his glory to accomplish his purposes. remember the parable of the talents; are you investing the talents you have been given for the greatest return for the kingdom? or have you buried them somewhere deep within you? i don’t recommend that choice. because i’m sure that you like me want to hear “well done good and faithful servant” and not the question …”well?”
oct. charlottesville va outback lodge
anyways…moving onto brighter things i intend to begin my quest as the little guy from fable tonight. hopefully i shall enjoy the game as much as everyone is telling me yes i know i am making a bigger deal than necessary about this…but it has been so long since i have actually played an entirely fresh game
i love you so very very much it's bursting out of me. i love you so much i just don't know if i can ever tell any one person how much it really fills me. i miss you. i really really do.
on the streets the people move through it like the walking dead
the dying echoes
i am the crook of your thumb
the japanese garden is a miniature representation of a picturesque world. techniques used vary and designers often play with proportion to create the illusion of depth and utilize smaller scale items such as rocks and water features as symbols of land and sea. items outside the garden such as temples or rolling hills are incorporated into the landscape to make the spaces seem much more expansive. balance is also incredibly important but not necessarily symmetry. the spaces and pathways are meant to be soothing and welcoming to its visitors; but also provoke moments of curiosity by concealing elements from certain angles encouraging further exploration.
coming ashore anywhere from north oregon through washington state north to british columbia.
more than ever before the importance of broadband access is being discussed in washington and amongst telecom companies across the u.s. perhaps due to the disparity between other minority groups’ use of broadband and that among latinos (% of latinos have adopted broadband usage compared with more than % of africanamericans and % for whiteamericans)* the issue is being discussed whether broadband is essential for latino’s success. is this technology’s importance being blown out of proportion?
though they don’t appear to irritate the baby the drops do blur a baby’s vision. this can be a bummer as they’re given during the period immediately following birth when newborns are otherwise alert and able to connect with parents. if you want you can ask nurses to postpone the drops until you have had a few minutes to look into each other’s eyes. depending on how cooperative your nurse is you may get a little time.
which means this time katarina bishop is making up her own rules.
dear god: thank you for coming to class last week. thank you for sending us that volunteer. you were with us in the face of our volunteer and we saw you in the face of our student. we saw you work a miracle.
shout out to my incredibly awesome friend jason (who doesn't read my blog anyway) for inviting me. you rock so hard metallica called and asked for lessons.
now control a staggering % of what we read watch or listen to in the u.s. these companies are: cbs viacom disney ge news corp (which includes fox and the wall street journal) and time warner (which includes cnn hbo time and warner bros). the largest owner of radio stations in the u.s. clear channel operates stations airing shows by the likes of limbaugh and hannity with programs syndicated to more than 
let us note that all three men administered the quiz for themselves and made no effort to tell us exactly how they answered the questions. matt emphasizes that he answered them “totally honestly” but provides no transparency. peter gives his answer to one question (while wringing his hands that such an answer would certainly mark him as more homophobic) but stops there. come on guys show us how you answered each question and let us compare those answers with your wellestablished records.
the only thing that ever let this beauty down was the coffee machine. well not the machine itself but the water container that kept breaking wiring contacts rendering it useless.
it is still a very wellmade christmas beer. on top of the hazelnut coloured beer rests a rich and lasting creamy tan head. spicy yeasty aroma escapes the glass. there are fruity flavours with chocolate and raisins some underlying sourness as well as good bitterness and dry yeastiness to keep the sweetness in balance. alcoholic almost portlike.good carbonation and full body too.
 i love snow.
oh water are you coming to me
in january the new york times ran a bit of puff piece about ms. burden in which ms. burden was credited in changing the atlantic yards megadevelopment for the better; not by eliminating the superblocking as referred to in the observer article but by limiting the size of atlantic yards “behindthescenes.” (see: once at cotillions now reshaping the cityscape by diane cardwell january )
rosie xxx
all of the above generalizations have been true all along so in an important sense the fundamentals are much the same as a week ago. otherwise this situation remains as it always has been unpredictable and the worst case scenarios remain concerning but less probable (due to the containment structures and the water). the spent fuel pool in reactor was a very concerning wildcard and still is under some question() as the pool held the entire offloaded core from reactor and no containment structures protected that core except the water in the pool alone. (it was frightening to hear the prediction by our nrc that pool was going dry) it's unclear how low the water level got whether the pool liner hadas any leaks etc. that is a large wildcard but the pool was said to have water (presuming it can hold water which seems plausible as there is no ongoing nuclear fire no obvious huge release) so thus the size of any release of fission products from pool # (which if water is now covering most of the rods in the tank would now be finished most likely) is unknown to my knowledge. finally regarding speculations of reactor core full meltdowns and penetrations (meltthrough) of the pressure vessels (the interior vessel but not the 'containment vessel') this seems possible for one core but no sure thing it's also possible it did not happen. so long as reactor cores always held at least some water then those vessels would not have a meltthrough (as the water would simply boil and remove heat from the new masses at the floors of the vessels).
what’s up guys this is chase at seductiontactics.com. today’s topic is about how to flirt with women. it’s something that’s very key… if you want to spark that sexual chemistry in a relationship you need to begin flirting right away. one of the biggest misconceptions i see a lot of guys have that typically don’t succeed with women… they try and come across as very nice and become a friend first.
negotiations between union members and their employer were at an impasse.
. moisturize with organic moisturizer day and night
judy r clark graduated from heriotwatt university in with a first class honours degree. shortly after she decided to move back home to save money and concentrate on trying to sell her work in various scottish boutiques. as well as this she signed up to the highlands and islands business course which provided her with opportunities to attend networking events exhibitions and arranged fashion events. during this time she met sandra murray mbe at a fashion exhibition and she kindly took her on as an intern for one year. still striving for bigger and better judy applied for countless internships with alexander mcqueen and vivienne westwood and after many rejections she was accepted to alexander mcqueen when her idea to illustrate the bottom of her cv attracted their attention. judy commented that her internship with mcqueen taught her primarily how to run a successful studio how to coordinate people and work as part of a team.
asset purchase 
that ance were plush o'guid blue hair
sciencedaily (apr. ) — even as the rates of some cancers are falling mayo clinic is seeing an alarming trend: the dramatic rise of skin cancer especially among people under . according to a study by mayo clinic researchers published in the april issue of mayo clinic proceedings the incidence of melanoma has escalated and young women are the hardest hit.
* carrot cure if your skin has broken out skip the oatmeal scrub and try this healing alternative: finely grate one medium carrot in the blender and smooth it over your skin. rinse and follow with the honeyyogurt mask. carrots are rich in vitamin a a powerful antiseptic that fights acne. take that
when it is natural; it can be analyzed from so many angles.
so today i should receive my next week 'mission' and the theme will be very much the same..lots of high intensity but this time with some slightly longer runs thrown in too. i really love this approach to training. you run a lot (as opposed to walking a lot) . its time efficient (so i have lots of time to do the other things in life). and the rebel in me loves the fact that training this way for longer stuff flies in the face of the mustdo mega mileage traditional camp. doing big miles i simply got slower but doing less im getting quicker with no detriment to endurance. that's not to say this is some miracle solution to ultras as there's so many other things to factor in.
alan ayling aka alan lake.
sure it’s a borderline cheesy (who am i kidding? it’s completely cheesy) saying but it is the only thing keeping me together.
chopped cilantro and sriracha chili sauce to taste
hello and happy tuesday stamping friends hope you all had a fabulous easter celebration i have a quick post for you today. i made a dog sympathy card the other day with one of the newly released stamps over at our daily bread designs called "dog sympathy".
it seems like some questions and some topics are pretty much evergreen and every young (or older) person who emails me has their own individual variation on them. i'm wondering if maybe i should make a page here or on my website rounding up all the writing related posts i've done by topic so that people can go down a list until they see the issue they'd like help with click on a link and get taken to all the relevant articles. what do you guys think about that? would you find it helpful? or are you happy just clicking on the tags to find what you want?
cinematography and sound. they’re like bread and butter harold and lardy politicians and dishonesty their just essential to one another. for sound there isn’t just one example as i’m a strong believer in it making up for half the film. really you try to watch a film with just dialogue and no score or foley and you’ll get bored pretty quick. on the cinematography front hero ( dir: yimou zhang) http:www.imdb.comitletcomes straight to mind. i remember watching for the first time when i was in th form and being blown away by it. the shots the colours the camera movement; it was just like watching a living piece of art. the film also contains some very notable chinese actors and the story is wonderful too. please watch this film. it is a feast for your eyes.
and i used a piece of grey lace a chain and some string.
i love meeting new people and if there’s that instant connection our conversations fly as if to catch up on all the lost time.
“the more i learned about it the more fascinated i became” he continued. “number one my thesis was exactly right this revolt had been covered up for almost years by very powerful people with very strong interests in keeping this secret. as soon as i found that out i got even more excited.”… 
the year old next week will be sitting his key stage sats (scholastic aptitude tests.) i take no prisoners when i say that i find these tests to be totally irrelevant and meaningless serving to do little more than massage the department of education’s ego and calm the anxieties of pushy parents who assume that good sats results mean a good education and a good school. (i know many such.)
pierced through and murdered
the fourth notecard in this collection will be
joshua is looking for contributions at any level to help him reach his goal of dollars and he is already over half way there. in addition to helping an amazing photographer the donation is tax deductible and based on how much you pledge you may receive a thank you gift. so if you have a moment please click on the link and consider helping joshua complete his work at point pleasant.
stone brewing’s rep lee marren will be in the house to help us offer up three different vertical flights featuring:
technically his first screen appearance came during the opening bank robbery but to those of us assembled at the moolah for the midnight premiere of the dark knight the joker didn't really make an entrance until he came strolling into a mob meeting a few minutes later. after months of feverish anticipation of heath ledger's already legendary performance the crowd was amped to respond to even the most simple onscreen affectation but nothing could have prepared us for his dispatchment of a grunt who happened onto the wrong end of a pencil. to say that the place exploded would be an understatement it was the equivalent of clark gable's revealing the bare chest beneath his shirt while dropping the bomb on nagasaki. in that one moment heath exceeded all of his own hype and in the process set a new standard for cinematic malevolence that has kept us little fanboys in thrall ever since.
mais dîne frantz
the s brought us many things. for one blacks were fighting for their rights and freedoms in the good old u.s. of a. the british invasion was being led by young men with style to kill and women were introduced to a little friend known as “the pill.” even with those things there were a few smartypants brainers who were working on something that would change the future and they knew it. by the s their little invention would be introduced to offices schools and homes and would allow everyone to send information faster than ever also they used it to pass pictures of naked ladies to their friends but that’s beyond the point. what was introduced in the internet was a way that we could get closer to the people in and out of our lives in a way that had never before been seen in any period of human civilization. for the first time (by the s) you could know what the guy or girl across the street was doing for breakfast without even calling them for a “how do you do.” but with that came a way for us to create new personas. we could be anyone and we liked that. the power we possessed it was…..sexy. we could say anything and people would listen simply because it was there for all to see. we were the creators of our own media whores to our audience. and as any good whore knows you need a customer ‘cuz solo work isn’t putting food on the table. and with that we turned our friends and families and anyone who would hear our monologues strummed from the strings of our brain harps into our johns. because if they were buying well baby we were selling. and so began our transaction.
four medium stackable storage boxes with lids.
i wish sometimes things were easy but of course they are not what is in life.
my run:
my friends tell me absinthe antiquities are like tattoos once you get the first you cannot stop. we'll see if they are right...
(mama chin uses unbleached when she wants a bit of fluff or whole wheat when she wants a nuttier flavor or half and half when she’s in an indecisive mood. note: whole wheat will make these rolls a touch drier and more crumbly and people will use their fingers to catch every crumb.)
some are mixed. as a purportedly heterosexual male i was expected to gawk when an attractive woman walked by. i understand women do not gawk so obviously but at the same time end up staring because i want to see what she’s wearing to decide if it’s something that might look good on me. this is an impression i need to unwind modify and wind back in the right direction. it’s ok to glance to see what she is wearing but cisgender women hardly ever do the bug eyed stare.
and now it's a great spot for riding. i got a small group of friends together yesterday and did a mile loop through chileno valley and back along spring hill. (and yes the hills are just as bad if not slightly worse on a bike. at one point i really wanted to get off and walk but i was worried that if i stopped i'd topple over into the road and get hit by a car. so i just kept pedaling. and grunting. and pedaling.)
each tower has several levels of upgrades then a specialty choice (i.e. marksman or rangers for the arrow towers mage or sorcerer for the magic tower). once you choose a specialty then you get to pick from special powers made available from picking your specialty yes you can choose poorly.
i finished my class this morning and i'm so excited to have the rest of the day free well besides doing homework. i have to write a news story about a really cool event i visited yesterday: an art exhibit. it made me realize that i'm very interested in art and how there are so many different forms of it out there. to get into the specifics i went to a fiber art show which displayed fabrics and other types of art. i almost signed up for a fiber art class for this winter but now i'm definitely interested in signing up for it next year for now i can stick with writing about it.
“every time a policeman gets a look at me i can see the wheels starting to turn in his head. he’s positive that i’m on his ‘wanted’ list for at least three major crimes.”
 when placing the batter inside the mold make sure you add half of it so it doen't go out of it.
check the new list out
most importantly these companies employ people and bring good paying jobs to the state of michigan. no matter our size we plan to lead and innovate.
we believe in hell.
anyway paris was lovely despite the chilly temperatures. we took the chunnel from london to paris (i slept basically the entire way) on monday morning () and then walked to our hostel which was in the monmarte neighborhood of the city. (for those of you familiar with paris we were staying right near sacre cour). the area itself seemed a little touristy but our hostel le village was wonderful. we were supposed to be in an person room but lucked out as they ended up switching us to a person room (that we were the only people in of the nights we were there) with a private bath. (it's amazing how a few days of staying in hostels will make you appreciate even the simplest of amenities) after checking in we walked all the way up to this big beautiful church sacre coeur which was on the hill right near our hostel. from the front of the church we were able to get a really great view of the city. we toured the church then walked to a nearby cafe to get lunch. our waiter didn't speak much english and the menu was all in french but we managed to get by and have a great lunch.
tom waits – downtown train – raindogs ()
my mother as she measured the hem line on me knew immediately that i didn’t like it. i also knew i would have to wear it anyway. that didn’t stop me protesting though. my disappointment came flooding out in a litany of grievances:
there is an administration fee of € per application. applicants should email info@losgazquez.com with their name address and passport numberd (spanish legal requirement) stating their intent to enter whereupon they will receive instructions on paying the entry fee via paypal.
nowhere left to hide
how very true. and that’s exactly how i have felt many a time
dermot; simon bestwick (black static)
when she opened the door the hijackers ran in stole r and four cellphones and assaulted her.
color details & rgb codes
we’ve finally reached the end of what was probably the most tumultuous season ever on the biggest loser. we had three players quit more fighting than i can even remember and drama to fill more stages than shakespeare. but what fun it’s been to watch tonight we find out who wins the major prize a quarter of a million dollars plus they will award the one hundred thousand dollar athome prize and the winner of the pala (presidential active living award) campaign for the hometown gym.
brahmacharya (conduct that leads one to truth) was for gandhi an experiment with truth and swaraj. as an experiment in truth it was incumbent upon gandhi the sadhak to place in the public domain his striving to attain perfect brahmacharya.
elsewhere in my apartment pools of water have formed on top of the linoleum but luckily none are near any electrical devices and my dirty clothes hamper remains untouched. i try to assess where the water is coming from and even contemplate trying to clean it up myself but it dawns on me that i’m too tired too hungover and it’s too late in the night for me to care. instead i decide to deal with it in the morning.
i have no idea what result sunday's poll will bring most probably the need for a second round of voting to get a clear result but i do know that we're all suffering from a chronic form of preelection fatigue otherwise known as:
crushed windfalls decaying in dead leaves.
the operation didn't work.
with that mantra i suggest you walk yourself down to your local burger joint and order a hamburger with fries. yes american style – with beef. four stacks of it with some bacon on top. be a pluralist. choose to believe in many truths instead of the one that is omnipresent. even choose to believe in truths that oppose and contradict each other. one truth does not always negate another. the universe is not dichotomous in this aspect but is more like shrek’s onion. for now i can still see a church from my balcony and i’m sure the toilet in that church will serve me well in the future when my own is clogged.
hers are the fingers long and thin spindly and knobbed.
members of the socialist youth were harassing israeli merchants in trondheim
humbugbuttonbeetle@hotmail.co.uk
i used a number bright brush and had fun. the best part is that i overcame my tendency to be very tight and detailed and blendy.
mardi gras is famous for its parades there's always several going on somewhere in the city. for instance today february there are three. tomorrow there are five. parades are full of huge colorful floats the most incredible complex outrageous floats you can imagine. each float (and sometimes the whole parade) is sponsored by a krewe. krewe can loosely translate into "club" and several have been around since the 's.
scenario – watered down debt deal passed – very dollar bullish scenario – temporary increase to debt ceiling – mildly dollar bullish scenario – throw up their hands and let the u.s. default – very dollar bearish
"true" or stringent nullification "occurs when the jury recognizes that a defendant's act is proscribed by the law but acquits because it does not believe the act should be proscribed. the behavior in other words is not criminal in the eyes of the jury."
the media covering the press conference was given a blank stare by lacierda when he was asked what the relation of the lyrics “parsley sage rosemary and thyme” to the ongoing dispute between the two countries. “i cannot say. it’s of national security concern” was all the presidential spokesman can answer.
what started as csr has become corporate responsibility and now is rapidly becoming sustainable business.
trousers: zara
the most interesting dimension of the promo is the rollback for the original buyers. it’s proof of the fragility of presales. the developer probably realizes many of the early presale buyers can’ton’t complete on the original prices. my guess is the developer’s calculated it makes more sense to slash prices across the board than risk the time and expense of litigation.
*disclaimer: please forgive photo quality. phone photos again...i know bad habit*
in my opinion annemarie kinney is like a magician. she sets up the stage positioning her key players and all of her props just so. we the readers her captive audience have one job to sit back and enjoy the show. we see only what kinney deigns to show iris. we know only what she allows iris to know. and as we passively sit there knowing there is more to it than what meets the eye knowing that iris must know it too we are powerless to act as kinney slowly magically shifts and twists our perspectives. our attention completely on iris we follow her as she moves across the stage from prop to prop distracted by her while kinney rearranges portions of the stage unobserved by us realigning each prop after iris moves on setting the stage for her next big reveal.
denise o’connor is an architect and md of architecture and interior design company optimise design founded in with fellow architect catherine crowe.
. horse – cavalry
you picking up what i’m throwing down here?
hubby unhooked our cable boxes and returned them today. we will save $ this month and starting next month we will save $onth. so our set up cost will be recouped in the nd month and we will be saving $$$$
except that the cinema audience saw a man leaving a suitcase under the table shortly before they sat down and we've been shown that there's a bomb in it.
found this puppy for $. at the di. i usually wouldn't have paid that much but it was vintage and in great condition i actually used crafting toll paint this time. just painted a few coats and let some of the old wood show through. love the way it turned out and used it at my latest photo shoot. (i forgot to get a picture of the before so i found one that was close to the original by googling vintage high chairs.)
these are great for breakfast or if you need a pickmeup snack before a workout. they also make great bedtime snacks (much more satisfying than a spoonful of peanut butter). feel free to play around with the addin ingredients and use whatever you have in your pantry.
and then he quickly told me that the child who he bought the dog for a friend’s granddaughter was named kalista rose. “it was destiny that these two would be together”
i’m a hardworking brother who gives back to the community and i’m compassionate and kind.
there’s time to sample all but few
the other big plus is that an issuer can raise capital without diluting its equity base. given the uncertain market conditions this relieves the pressure on its share price that would otherwise have been triggered by a cash call such as a rights issue or a private share placement.
the last few days i have been getting worse hence the hiatus’ and today i forgot to take extra pain killers with me but believeing we would be swimming i didn’t buy any more. big mistake.
that fits my favorite definition of insanity — “doing the same thing over and over again and hoping for a different result.”
i will be releasing more reviews and more recent films i have seen in cinema.
beat eggs with sugar. mix flour with baking powder vanilla sugar and cinnamon. add it to the eggs mix together with quark and melted and cooled butter. mix everything and add chopped rhubarb. fill the muffin tray and bake at for minutes.
they said the accident had happened ten minutes earlier.
"i’ll give you your cards on the right time. they’re very precious. by the way we’ll be sailing next week. so i suggest that you start preparing your things. i’ll meet you next week on the pier at exactly a.m.. did you get it clear?"
a clinical trial demonstrated that at weeks of age babies fed with the avent bottle
if we got pregnant right away.
of course it was who am i kidding? sometimes it's hard to admit that you were once in love especially whilst when thinking these thoughts; you’ve got nobody
“despite doe statements about the lack of imminent offsite health threats due to the contamination possible public health effects have not been investigated adequately. the current regulatory process is not sufficient to effectively identify urgent healthbased remediation needs or to comprehensively evaluate possible public health impacts.” (box a pg. ).
you have guessed that i left the tour a contented tourist. aside from being treated with generous hospitality at all the locations that i had visited the tour gave me a quick introduction to ayurveda jamu massage and traditional chinese medicine. i would say that this tour is one tour to allow one to be exposed to the various healing practices that specific cultures in singapore practises. while the time for the tour is too short to learn anything indepth about these healing practices novices like myself will find it a great way to have a snapshot of the various healing practices.
many of the most meaningful moments of my jazz initiation occurred while i sipped illicit cocktails at milton's on main street when i was an insubordinate teen. the jazz club's bartender introduced me to the music of shirley scott big john patton and jimmy mcgriff by means of a turntable that was prominently positioned alongside the bottles behind the bar.
.pm...sometimes my house is the most comforting place in the world...and then other times it is filled with the sounds of those things that go bump in the night...
one day i was referring to a parenting book for advice b i'd been noticing my children's behaviour and obedience weren't what i thought they should be. as i was reading they included the scripture prov : "a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame." somehow that verse pricked my heart as i realized how often i was telling my kids "just go play while i get my housework done" and then feeling guilty b there never seemed enough time left over to work on forming habits or teaching them how to do helpful things around the house..... well here was the answer i was "leaving them to themselves" too often while *i* tried to do everything myself as i looked at the answer in the word i saw that i should just keep them alongside me while i did my chores which provided the most suitable time to teach them those things i previously didn't have time for so from then on i rearranged my day to include them in helping me every morning as we clear the dishes from breakfast empty the dishwasher and one wipes the table and sweeps under it while the other helps me wash the dishes. i'm also working on getting them in the habit of making their beds getting dressed brushing their teeth and fixing their hair after we finish the kitchen (when they are older they will do that before breakfast but for now i don't want them getting food all over their clean clothes first thing in the morning lol). we also pray together first thing every day as i thought it would be a valuable habit to serve them well for the rest of their lives
some socks get split up and then one is in the orphanedsock bin and one is put away with the children’s outgrown clothes. or maybe one is truly lost…left at school or lost in the car or something. this is a clearcut case where i ought to throw out the orphan. sometimes however the orphan is a highend thing…for example a hanna andersson slipper sock…i have two of those in my basket. never mind that they are made for narrower feet than exist in my family these are expensive socks throwing one away rather than wait for the match to show up is reckless except that these two socks must be at least years old and chances of their mates showing up is nigh upon nil.
and as promised the instructional video on how to shuffle even though now you are a year late. it gets helpful at ::
for example vantiv is only the first processor to certify an nfcmv system but there are a few more processors in the marketplace. whether or not they follow suit over time remains to be seen but the predicate case has been established.
intro to communication is stupid.
i approached him but there was something wrong. and then i saw that neil was completely wasted drunk. he was incoherent. i wasn't even sure he recognized me. i begun to panic.
 teaspoon nutmeg
should you get an ereader? it depends on your own tastes and preferences. if you usually have a long commute or travel often and prefer the portability of an ereader this may be good for you. unlike smartphones and tablets ereaders are usually pretty easy to use. if you love hd video music and games then you may either want to consider a tabletreader hybrid like the kindle fire or kobo vox or going straight to a full tablet and download the kobo app or use their built in ebook capabilities (like ibook). i would also check your local library for .epub books (an adobe ebook format that is compatible with most but not all ereaders). but if you just like the feel of a beautiful new hardcover in your hands… sorry there’s no app for that.
looks like a fab book... and a wonderful gift so... i met my soulmate at a bar he likes to say he "picked me up". ha ha the scandalous truth is... the night we met was suppose to be my wedding night but i called off my wedding only nights before my girlfriends dragged me out of my house crying to "go have some fun." needless to say i was pretty grumpy and looked like crap (no makeup or shower) and my now hubby simply made me smile with the dumbest magic trick ever even at my darkest moment... i could see what a gem he was so i smiled my girlfriends passed him my number we married a year later... and we just celebrated our th anniversary with our beautiful kids. sniff sniff.
but here's the best part; there's always next year. if you're under eighteen come and be a camper and you'll have the most joyful time of your young life. if you're over eighteen don't sweat it. come be a staffer they have almost as much fun as we do. but even if you can't make it we're always sending our best wishes to you and hoping you get at least a little piece of the energy and experiences we get every single year.
confirmation #: cincinnati ohio central indiana heading ene towards cleveland oh tornado watches issued by the nws .. hail and damaging winds as well as tornado warnings issued by the nws: also hail at the border of ky and wv :
do not think about the deficit tonight
interested? then spread the word and let’s get writing…
"they've heard the tale of my daring escape from the ravening hordes of the formori through the power of music."
have you heard of victory patterns? i think it is a relatively new pattern company based in canada. most of the styles seem to be trending to a younger target market (than moi for example) but there are a few that i really love.
but if i have an ingredient that is rare or just not popular in the states (potimarron jerusalem artichokes etc) i turn to marmiton. marmiton is a less "professional" in that visitors to the site can post their versions of the recipes or even submit a recipe but this often means they're more homey and less complicated.
overall the theme of the movie came through but the characters and the plot were not what did it. in the end it was gekko.
for memories sour and deep.
this means we cannot enter into the presence of god simply because we are inherently sinners. in exodus god tells moses that he wasn’t allowed to see god’s face because no man could do so and live because he was so holy and sin was unable to be in his presence. god was trying to prevent moses from being destroyed by his holiness.
that very genocide mr. former chancellor recognized under your chancellorship for the first time in almost years by the german bundestag. on february to nonpartisan applause without a nay vote or abstention — an almost unfathomable miracle in the history of the german parliament.
but i’m very thankful for the seniors’ invitation we’ll display a charismatic stage
what? wait. the fifth line? the fucking fifth? each entry into the euro lottery costs quid right? so you lucky lucky people spent at least ten quid on the lottery. while you were both on benefits.
simply be yourself because someone else is taken
i suspect that the "giorgio beverly hills" label is not original (the sewing is not very good) but surprisingly i found almost nothing about clothing sold by them. apparently they are known for perfume (i remember when "red" came out) which i never wear. maybe they carried this line in the s?
kearns sued ford motor co. in and chrysler in claiming patent infringement.
first i don't think you should have kids in order to make yourself happy. of course you don't want having kids to make you unhappy but kids are not meant to fulfill their parents. this article seemed to be getting at this when it talked about how much pressure american parents put on themselves to raise perfect kids rather than shooting for good kids. it would be exhausting to try and sculpt a kid into a perfect allstar straighta ivy league doctor or whatever especially since they actually have a say in the matter and will ultimately do what they want. all parents can do is try and give them stability love and guidance not turn them into superheros. i can understand wanting the best for your kids and i tend to think that luthien is the smartest little baby that has ever existed but i try to remember that she isn't my little project but rather a little human that needs my guidance and love.
against the papacy however because of its errors and wicked ways the first man sir christian has been aroused and he attacks it boldly with prayer and the word of god; and he has wounded it too so that they feel it and rage. but no raging helps; the axe is laid to the tree and the tree must be uprooted unless it bears different fruit. i see clearly that they have no notion of reforming but the farther things go the more stubborn they become and want to butt their way through and boast “all or nothing bishop or drudge” i consider them so godly that unless they reform or turn from their shameful ways both they themselves and the whole world admit that it is not to be endured and that they should betake themselves to their comrade and brother the holy turk. ah well may our heavenly father quickly hear their own prayer and grant that as they say they may be “all or nothing bishop or drudge.” amen they will have it so. amen so let it be let it come true as god pleases
i had something weird when i was ... didn't we all? seriously though i had a sore throat for four weeks that took lots of antibiotics to kill. sadly whether it was the virus or the antibiotics no one can say but when the sore throat left the red lumps arrived.
things did not go perfectly in the mousseline department for jenn and jennifer. in fact they both despaired at times of ever coming up with an edible frosting. read their posts for how not to give up on frosting even when it's curdling separating and all the other sins that mousseline is heir to. it even drove jenn to ladylike cursing: "$*%&^ $&#*%&"
we have the travel size version of this and strapped it to the side of her rock n play sleeper. i don't know if the white noise actually helps her sleep but i like to think that at the very least it helps set up a routine for her day versus night sleep.
sentiment stamps (they coordinate with the new vintage winter paper pad)
it is a question she wrestles with every day.
nice.
allinall you have to admire the dead’s longevity and willingness to tour even with its shifting cast of characters. it was an inventive mostly energetic show drawing power from its original rhythm section weir’s capable frontman routine and that abiding jazzinspired sense of adventurous improvisation that made the grateful dead the psychedelic era’s sole survivor.
keller – ‘ she was sorry for them. they had the thing they thought would make everything okay and it didn’t. then heimel added a statement that took my breath away: “i think when god wants to play a really rotten joke on you he grants you your deepest wish.” ‘
april — i am actually dumbfounded as to where in the religion of islam it says the kedah state government is god?
tasmania is very fortunate in that they have mostly hydroelectric generation because of their high amounts of snow and rainfall. they also have wind generators (located in the roaring forties) but that is only a small amount of total power generated.
looking forward to seeing what they say and reading your thoughts as well
@jayers @marceltipool
i think i'll want to take down the giant princess mask (a target halloween decoration many seasons ago) and bring her with me and probably some of my artwork too. the walls are filled with paintings frames inspiring images photographs postcards and verses i wrote on myself. "mom you wrote on your walls" one of my daughters remarked years ago. "yes i did because they are mine."
for those of us who do not have the same volume in their lips as miss jolie here are a few tricks.
so you know how some people will try and make smallbreasted women feel less marginalised by saying that women of all shapes and sizes are just fine? well fuck that shit. radcliffe is here to deliver the message that he actually gets off on your small boobs and thinks the way you look makes you superfuckable.
by the way i would like to as many current commonplace book users as i can. if you have a page where you show images of what you use or tell about how you use them let me know so i can link you up for the next post.
texting can be a great way of communicating if you keep a few things in mind. explain what’s expected of your teens set boundaries discuss stories in the news of kids who have been the victims of bullies and repeat your talks about treating others with respect in all areas of communication. oh yeah and maybe get a text to english dictionary so you have a clue what your kids are talking about when they write "mmk" or "@teotd".
i’ve spent a great deal of time with myself and found out a lot about myself in the last few weeks. i’ve spent a lot of time looking at catalogs deciding which clothes i like listening to pandora fine tuning the music i like (which i have found strongly depends on the mood i’m in) trying different flavors of coffee to find my favorite coffee drink.
the avengersaurs. from left: iron brontosaurus captain ameritops hulkasaurus rex and ankylothorus.
d. symptoms must be present in early childhood (but may not become fully manifest until social demands exceed limited capacities).
the corners of bryan’s mouth turned up into a smile. “maybe just water will do mara…and your last name?” he held out his hand once more.
paper: crumb cake certainly celery early espresso (su) cryogen white (papertemptress) designer paper (mme)
why the hell did i wait this long to join a csa again?
bigger.
so as i was standing on the platform singing heart thumping in panic as i desperately argued with god about raising my hands he reminded me that they were pure and that he desired to use them right then. so i did what a moment before had been the impossible the unthinkable and began to raise them. as i lifted my hands i felt a spiritual heaviness pressing down on them; but jesus said “i’m helping you lift a spirit of oppression off worship in this church.” so i kept lifting them higher and higher until i felt free free of the shame that had been on my hands an excitement of worship and a sense of joy and victory that only comes through obedience.
it feels unnatural and false. i can feel the muscles in my face working too hard for such a simple response. he glares in the direction of my left ear. eye contact still escapes him. his hands stop hammering his thighs. he takes a step forward and hisses at me like a cat. from my right side i hear a little girl giggle. i watch as he swings his head in her direction and hisses again. the little girls face crumples in folds of tearful indecision then her skin smoothes as she attaches a clinging hand to the back of her mothers legs. let my eyes trace the outline of the mothers dress as i lift my head up to see her face. she is staring at my son. her face distinctly hostile.
distilled down to this dark pen
now i may be many things but “a monomaniac fruitcake” is not one of them. i am a polymaniac being obsessed variously with bad television poorly produced adverts and a desperate bid to get on the telly. i will not rest until my pseudonymous name is cleared. i have today instructed my lawyer (myself) to get an absolutely fantastic injunction (two levels up from a superinjunction).
my friend and me spent also a lot of time in the various book shops of the tate. i loved looking through all the wonderful titles and finding one fascinating one after the next. and look what i spotted on the children’s book section ;)
the earth is occasionally hit by these ejections leading to amazing shimmering light shows.
women's defending champ maryam jamal (brn)cranked out a stunning :. crushed the field with a grinding last lap. :. for christin wurth thomas as she takes second place continuing her improvement and showing that she is not afraid to get in there and run.
has released it on dvd and it's fantastic that i finally got a chance to see it after so many years. the print is interesting fullscreen like most tvmovie from that time but it also seem to pieced together from two prints. a couple of scenes has a different lower quality. that's okey for because i want the most complete version and this obviously is that.
the top is a water media beginning drawing on "yes" watercolor canvas (love these canvases) "x"
antoine’s story is an intertwining half of another taking place forty years beforehand where jacqueline (vanessa paradis) cares for her son laurent with down syndrome. if the present day scenes scream ‘the future is now’ the portions may be set in but might as well have been any other decade jacqueline and child in earth tones walking the unwashed cobblestone of paris. her working class conditions also seem impervious to the yves saint laurent mondrian dress that another mother in her school wears.
i hate them.
at one debate we hosted in i had to cut the debate short several times so we could move on and talk about things which are actually important.
kept inside as secrets hide – all through the years.
he’ll clean up the streets and he’ll keep britain great
when the pension scam broke out the three specialists working on nigeria complained about overwork and threatened a law suit against transparency international because they had to work hours a day from monday to sunday just to cope with the figures coming out of that scam. our client had to pull country specialists away from zero or low
we will still sell coloring books if you are interested. i will throw in an original color sheet to go with it. just decide on your coloring book and let us know what you want
for the sauce
some would concur with mr bolger who made the plea because of the high demand for school places in the borough and the cost of accommodating extra pupils.
if you took some time yesterday to peruse through the photos of the last mustfollow instagram user on my list you might have caught a few snapshots of me. alright… yes jp is not only an intrepid instagram user with an eye for color and composition — he’s also one of my bestest buddies in san francisco. he took this photo at my panel last month and this photo at my reading last year. so needless to say i am a big fan.
because these things
this week i’ll be sharing recipes i’ve come up with that include some of the seven species of the land of israel that we should eat at on this day the species that have always exemplified the fertility of the land of israel: wheat barley grapes figs pomegranates olives and dates. as time has moved on israel has become a global center of agricultural excellence and since the days of our forefathers we’ve emerged as a leading innovator and developer of some wonderful new species of fruits and vegetables. this week’s recipes celebrate israel’s rich and wonderful growing tradition that began in the days of the torah.
row make dc in chain; skip chain and fasten with sc. *chain ; make dc in the same st with the sc; skip ch and fasten with sc. repeat from * to end of row.
before the terrain
did they listen? i doubt it. it was probably in the works far longer than i have had the ipads in my classroom. but this is one happy consumer
thanks to those two friendly writers (luc dedeene and guy de kinder) i recently harvested my very first so called witlof (chicory) a vegetable rather unknown in dalmatia but very popular in at least holland and belgium (and elsewhere ??).
when the water boiled she poured it in. the strong aroma of french roast
all of this is to say that the issue of atlantic yards is clearly front and center before the attorney general’s office.given that our article was focusing on a thenpending strengthening of whistleblower requirements for state authorities that just took effect in march we continued:
there were those writers who were accused of inkshed a term used in the same vein as the word bloodshed except in reference to the spilling of unnecessary ink. (did you get it? veinbloodshed?) in other words when a writer was too verbose when a piece of writing was overworked and overthetop intellectual it was considered to be a waste of ink. those guilty of inkshed by the way were commonly referred to as inksters by their peers; writers with inferior abilities.
on our way to samaipata this eightyear old girl waved us down for a ride. she was coming home from school and only needed us to take her a few miles which we did happily. can you imagine your daughter riding with just anyone she happens to flag down?
firstly i used g of digestives rather than the g as i prefer cheesecake base to be a little more crumbly. i also used slightly less chocolate so i could make a chocolate ganache (melt chocolate add double cream whip together yum) to serve on the side. it may not be a huge amount of change but i think that’s what makes simple basic recipes so fun – you can make your own individual changes to it. i think this recipe would hold up to using cointreau and grated chocolate orange instead of baileys or maybe even an amaretto flavour. you could even add chopped nuts to the base if you prefer. next time i make this i may go for using some mozart chocolate liquer with melted chocolate and chopped hazelnuts to decorate.
gulen who has been labeled “the most dangerous islamist in the world” has amassed a fortune in excess of $ billion for use in the restoration of the ottoman empire and the established of a new islamic world order.
i got this workout from @beautifulbosom's instagram
the challenge this rotation is to create christmas cards gift packaging gift ideas or anything festive you can think of to share with a christmas theme
he pays attention to symptoms to diagnose the larger problem. he takes your blood pressure and asks standardized questions. if he gets enough of the same kind of answer he can tell you likely have a heart problem. most of the time the tests and ekgs are merely to gain more detail but generally to confirm most of what the doc already knows.
eddie: oh so speaks the woman whose head has been lolling around like a bladder on a stick for the best part of the journey. read the maps get the maps.
people seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile. ~lee mildon
if you haven’t yet tried the exercise–you can find it here. the short version though is–pick three things you love about your appearance your personal life and your professional life write them down and come back to them every day. let go of the inner critic for a week and see what happens.
here are some tips for making laundry day easy while traveling:
the story kind of goes around in circles with the characters trying to end the lie as they spend some time together.
“were they being stolen by junkies to ‘cook up’ their fixes?” one traveller asked. we explained that this was unlikely given that plastic spoons tend to melt with the application of flame.
if our enemy would fight on the battlefield on open ground in uniform carrying his weapons openly then it would be a case of an army facing off against a force that behaved like an army and children and other nondangerous people would not get hurt. but the enemy has changed the way it fights. so we have no choice. we have to protect ourselves as necessary.
i had already known the wrath of the recession; my mom has lost jobs in the past years due to downsizing changes in ownership and relocating to save money which caused me to leave my original college plans; but this job loss could have cost me everything.
british national party: votes (cathy duffy )
ceramicist patricia shone won the gold award in the ceramics category which was judged by steve ogden. speaking about patricia’s work he said: “each piece has a sense of movement as if the process of making is ongoing pots are almost still being rotating it’s this movement combined with the applied surface decoration and form which made the work stand out as a gold award winner.”
back on the trying to conceive crazy train though. eric and i have decided that since none of the drugs i was on prevented the miscarriage that i won't be going back on them. maybe i said that in a previous post already? it's late sue me. the only drug i might get back on is the metformin. i liked how it allowed me to lose some weight and i didn't crave sweets.
) plan your itineraries and arrange accommodations well in advance. hotels restaurants and rental car places get booked quickly during the peak summer travel season. ask your travel agent for special deals. make sure you have an appropriately sized vehicle that will accommodate your travelers luggage and souvenirs you may buy.
ckc kiki cuyler$
yes you too can be the proud owner of a burrito baby. even though i'm a ninja expert swaddler with a blanket in the middle of the night when you're tired it's easy to not get the swaddle tight enough. result: escaping baby and loose blankets. enter: the swaddleme. get two so one can be clean at all times. we used this at the beginning then stopped when it seemed like she wanted her hands out. after a few nights of only sleeping hour stretches i tried it again and instantly she was back to hours at a time. anything that gives more sleep at night is a musthave in my book.
she had a double bottom extending the full length of the ship with a space five to six feet between the inner and outer plates and was divided into watertight compartments with access to each compartment through watertight doors. the rudder alone weighed tons. she was driven by three enormous screws the center one weighing tons the other two tons each and was capable of making knots. the last word in luxury she was thought unsinkable.
fiberchoice save $ ct ()
the bus pulled up and opened its door with a loud thud. she found an empty seat by the window in the fourth row. she rolled up her jacket in a ball and put it against the window so she could lean against it and doze off. she only regained consciousness when the bus braked some time later and the door reopened with that loud familiar thud. her brain was somewhat awake but her eyes wanted to remain glued shut. a dab of saliva slid down her chin and roused her into full consciousness. she instinctively wiped her mouth and realized to her disgust that she had been slobbering on her jacket in her sleep. while she waited for everyone else to leave she popped two sticks of gum in her mouth.
 identify where jesus went and where he is seated
hats luverly hats
flooding and fires earthquakes and volcanic eruptions deadly tornadoes and strong storms … are just some of the items you’ve ordered from the climate change quick menu
fallen short on consistency at times but the passion is clearly there
mom & i plus my dog her dog and my daughter's dog went upstate ny to visit my uncle & other family who lives up there. they are all between rhinebeck & hudson on the east side on the hudson river. after going to church....the cutest tiniest church ever..in germantown we stopped at mom's younger brother's house. he had just started on his retirement plan: yellow lab puppies they have been a big fav of my mom for years so we had to see them they also had a week pup who looked just like mom's late lab prince when he was that age....i thought for sure we were going to be dog napping.......
we blinked and let the night air carry away the thoughts that weighted on us driving into a world without limit at least for the moment.
y u no x girl: there are too many girls to choose from but ultimately makoto chihaya and takane proved to be sustainable favorites where the others didn’t gel with me by the end and not just because they had episodes and stories to themselves.
the movie reached that level just because it keeps surprising you in every moment starting from the beginning when after minutes you realize that you are actually watching a silent movie made in the sets of the year . you feel like teleported to that era. you will really not miss all the talking and the sound because it has been replaced by beautiful jazz music which will make your mood jumpy and refreshing. it’s a movie which will keep you glued to the seat not because of the beautiful romantic story of a super famous silent movie star named george valentin and a rising movie actress peppy miller but due to the surprises and the beautiful flow of the movie which is funny psychedelic romantic and refreshing. it’s a beautifully acted movie which portrayed how pride destroyed a silent movie superstar when talkies was introduced to the movie industry and how he misunderstood his lover peppy miller who was a talkies superstar who got a break in the movie industry because of george. he was so blinded by his pride that he turned from riches to rags and became a madman. he lost all his friends his only friend was his pet dog who finally saved his life. the movie proved to the world that only facial expressions and good music can say more than dialogues. i dearly hoped the pet dog of “the artist” won an oscar for best supporting actor.
after tracks we finally hear george's beautiful baritone voice on lead. it bops on with a lovable rockabilly swagger. it sounds like they're having a hell of a good time too but they also sound worn out...like this last song on the album might have even been the last one they recorded for it. still a memorable performance plenty of that marvelous echo that i love on the vocals.
what we liked about e & the boys in the earlier seasons is that they seemed to care. they loved vince. they loved screwing around and occasionally they loved making movies. now it feels like they’re going through the motions. every line of dialogue feels like it’s come out of a ‘what would johnny say?’ dialogue generator. lloyd & ari’s bickering used to be hilarious and now it’s just seems like they talk until ari can make fun of lloyd for being gay.
“there was a great deal of pressure put upon me to bias my interpretation” whitehurst said in u.s. district court in new york in .
it seems they prefer to grab someone's property when the victim isn't sitting right there; it unnerves them to steal it while the public is looking.
there is a catch: you cannot insist on a perfect solution. see if you can spend half of what you normally would and get an % solution. and pay attention to the extras you get with the imperfect solution.
do you remember the harvest creature competition? well my kids' school also holds an easter egg competition at the end of the spring term and here are some of the fabulous creations from this years' lot
the idiot is me and the question remains unanswered. let me explain. i’ve now been living in france for over seven years and yet when it comes to speaking frenchyou know the correct use of the past tense and pronunciation of the word “feuille”—i’m currently locked in an epic battle with my daughter’s pet hamster for the honorary title of “least conversant family member.”
yesterday morning was lets say rough (good thing my kids dad is a therapist)
“we’ve seen more than times our normal transfer activity and are delighted that we were able to take a stand against sopa and help eff in their fight” she said.
ye hoard; an’ if ye could ye’d keep the thumbmarks on the door.
the folks behind the movie the help and take part.com have joined forces to host a children’s story contest. submit your children’s story of no more that words that teaches positive values. judge for the contest is sesame street writer lou berger. the winner’s story will be illustrated and published online.
in england that summer before my senior year of college i began to break my “american” eating habits. i learned how to eat less and better (without going crazy and totally depriving myself of delicious food). because of lamott i was listening to my body when it told me i was hungry or full. i also taught myself a lot about nutrition be reading about it copiously. but he was my cure for my fidgety eating.
fox news latinop 
on our way out of town we stopped at the garden club's sale and i bought a flower pot for $.
note: to use the allocator provider you must restart the veritas enterprise administrator
to love one's country to love one's people and to love one's culture is now to risk allegations of hatred unless your form of love willingly contemplates and indeed welcomes the surrender and eventual destruction of that which you most cherish.
martha doesn't want any more friends but how could she resist opal moonbaby an alien who is quite frankly mad? she doesn't care for rules and authority she just wants to have fun and take care of her pet a mingle named garnet. what's not to love? after a horrible situation with her socalled friends chloe and collette maybe opal moonbaby and her strange ways are just what martha needs to believe in friendship again.
this was my holiday reading of choice. murakami is one of my favourite authors. but at pages this was a chore. i love his creativity his parallel worlds his descriptions of everyday japanese life but not this much. had it been 'tightened' somewhat to about pages i think i would have enjoyed it more.
midwestern red beef rutabaga curry
jessica weaves a very believable world in which the descendants could exist without the knowledge of humans but there’s a dark twist that makes the life of the descendants not all that sweet and rosy. and elyse as a main character was wonderful a great mesh of uncertainty and strength that fit her circumstances well.
your eyes are making them move. to test this stare at one spot in each picture for a few seconds and everything will stop moving; or look at the black center of each circle in the first picture and it will stop moving; but when you move your eyes to the next black center the previous one will move after you take your eyes away from it.
denis beaudoin: i just remember her saying when i donated that the doctor told her that she had to keep it warm by putting it between her — between her breasts — just to keep it warm keep it room temperature until she took it in.
iván meade what is the most practical thing you own and what is the most rare?
you see when you look at life after creating a list such as this. you get to put things into perspective and realize that other stuff is just peanuts compared to what really matters.
row ) ch hdc in same st and in next sts
thingtak
world heavyweight championship match is on now.
i for one have never watched an anime series for the sole sake of being a pretentious douchebag. for me the entertainment value characters storyline how it plays out et cetera are what i tend to look for. if i do tend to get something out of what i watch then that’s fine. at the same time i don’t take it for granted and be an asshole about it declaring that most people have terrible taste in anime while trying to be on top of the world just because of some symbolism that i got from the last two confusing episodes of evangelion. in my early days i watched cowboy bebop (another title revered by the western fanbase) because it had a good story likable characters and fun action scenes. at the same time i don’t hold it in high regard and be a dick about it. also wheres the pretension in that western fanbase?
at concerts and parades
and then all of a sudden mike disappears.
we’ve had some great instructions over the weeks. lets use the rhyme to chose one. maybe gather up all the ones you haven’t done the ones that have worried you. now say the rhyme with those and the one that lands on mo is the one your doing.
the labourer had been living in glasgow for the past five years. police said that there was no apparent motive for the attack at the moment.
all i'm saying is that while i was there i witnessed several guys go in
we’ll understand it all by and by.
given the large number of impacts the study was forced to look at she asked the developers: “why don’t you consider somewhere else?”
i hope this bible verse from luke where zacchaeus is called by jesus helps you draw closer to god and live according to his will for your life.
many tears were shed.
preheat the oven to degrees f. lightly grease a by inch glass baking dish with teaspoons of the butter.
hhscdc news: influenza vaccination of healthcare personnel: recommendations of the healthcare infection control practices advisory committee and the advisory committee on immunization practices. ann pharmacother mar; : .
cops are hunting the abusive motorist after a cadet noted down his registration plate details.
“all parliamentarians have an interest in the economic prosperity of this country so they should all be familiar with the issues around intellectual property. we need effective ip regulations appropriate for an increasingly knowledge based economy to help drive the uk recovery forward.”
yet somehow it feels like it is.
overall .
my cloffice is being featured over at remodelaholic today after pm cst justin and cassity feature great remodeled spaces during the week on their blog. go give them some blog love while you are there and look around you won't be disappointed
satan's murder machines norvell page () (included in the baen book robot titans of gotham)
how stupid or evil do you have to be to stop building the plants that provide electricity at a time when the population and the demand for it is rising? must america become a third world nation with rolling blackouts and brownouts?
shedloads of books and articles have been written about the victorian loss of faith and the tendency of those who believe in nothing to believe in everything but conan doyle after all was the creator of the ultimate rational problemsolving machine who refused to believe in the supernatural and who didn’t have the slightest problem with ‘crossing the moor in those dark hours when the powers of evil are exalted’. exposure to theosophy didn’t apparently lead very far at the time – doyle became ‘suspicious of the blavatsky cult’ – but drayson a fellow of the royal astronomical society was one of a large number of trained scientists who spent a lot of time trying to reconcile observed ‘psychic’ phenomena (or phenomena believed to have been observed) with the laws of biology and of physics.
now that you are getting to know me you have probably realized that my imagination far outstretches my skill. in this last piece i decided to experiment with my sparkly sakura gel pens. the result is a bit garish in person for once i am glad that the camera tones the image down. :) oh well it is what it is
) is there anything else you’d like to say?
tonight's menu: breaded tilapia fillets with dill capers and lemon zest served alongside rice and green beans.
. add heavy cream and turn off the stove. pour into serving bowl.
using history as a mirror singapore should reflect carefully on its present immigration policy which has resulted in dissatisfaction and discontentment among native singaporeans.
the boy later explained he had completely given up hope until he saw the teacher. “they wouldn’t send a teacher to work on nouns and adverbs with a dying boy would they?”
although an active wharf fisherman’s wharf is a big tourist attraction. it has shops restaurants crowds of people shitty street performers a wax museum and other useless pursuits. what this has to do with italian crab fishermen during the gold rush is beyond me. for clam chowder we went to boudin bakery one of the first makers of sourdough bread and now a huge chain and a tourist attraction in itself. the lines were long and the pop music offputting but it moved fast and before long we were chowing down on clam chowder in bread bowls. for those of you who haven’t experienced this first imagine a loaf of tangy sourdough bread. and now imagine someone took out the middle and filled it with piping hot creamy clam chowder. it’s simply the best way to have it. as you eat the soup you can scrape the sides of the bowl and get soft mushy bits of sourdough in with your soup. i have to stop i’m making myself hungry
the lady's masquerade
mass rage satisfied in that polite casual indirect way we love in this very modern world all went on with their daily lives as if they hadn’t taken part in a written protest flash mob. the verdict was delivered shame was doled out. the lexus behaves himself now.
aditya chakrabortty spurred by a weekend he's just spent at a festival to celebrate the life of the bengali artist and thinker rabinfranath tagore writes an impassioned complaint about the lack of political dimension in the fiction being produced in the west today. partly he says it's because 'economics and politics have been cordoned off from the rest of society: as stuff best left to the experts and careerists' an argument put forward by zoe williams not so long ago. more importantly he sees it as a matter of the logistics of the contemporary writing life:
(ps this isn't really something i'm struggling with right now it's just something that's on my mind. okay. end random interjection.)
the last time i popped in with a playroom update i shared that i decided to update the color. again. and part of the reason was to get rid of the too blue feeling and another reason because of a little project i had up our sleeves. so the color went from behr's prelude to behr's reflecting pool:
i was raised in a land where i could spend an afternoon lolling around with a horse riding off by myself when i was about and no one questioning where i was other than oh she was in the barn with star last time i looked.
the society said the legislation which the coalition claims will scale back on labour’s ‘intrusive’ policies will take power away from the public.
but enough about siblings when god was a rabbit has more to offer than that. like many of the other books i’ve reviewed winman’s novel is a comingofage story. it follows the life of elly who acts as narrator throughout the book. elly is a comfortable presence to be in despite her complex childhood and the challenges she faces throughout her life elly remains a solid constant for both winman’s readers and for her family. in the book’s later stages when elly becomes an adult she seems to me to act as the presence that reminds the other characters why they are tied to one another. i don’t want to say too much about the plot and spoil it for anyone who hasn’t read the book but there comes a time in the story when elly’s family face the ultimate challenge – when their very existence as a unit is threatened – it is this section of the book that i found the most moving. elly acts as our eyes and ears as her family’s world is turned upside down. the events which occur make you question how you and your own family would cope if disaster struck. winman also makes us question the rather shaky foundations that our identities and lives are built upon. her story makes you stop and think about the jenga blocks of your existence and how you would stay upright if that tower of bricks which you began building in childhood suddenly came tumbling down.
“the city & the city” by china mieville i won this book as a part of the award winning books challenge. it won a hugo among other awards.
i feel happy liberated excited and to be honest a bit sad too. endings are always sad.
mentors. my sister's ninjitsu instructor and drum teacher are both most definitely mentors. they're people she's friends with people she respects and people she learns a lot from (and as in all healthy relationships no matter the type i imagine they learn from her as well). mentors can be found through formal things like classes as well as informally through your community or extended social network. but no matter how you find them people who are passionate and knowledgeable about something (be they accredited teachers or not) and are happy to share that knowledge and experience with others can be a really wonderful way to learn.
things have greatly improved since those days. children with special needs are much more likely to be diagnosed and get the help they need.
july was struggling with the screenplay for her second feature film the future and found herself too easily distracted by the internet. she laments that her writing career had managed a meagre output before cyber ubiquity settled into its now permanent state of flashing cleavage and kittens in front of anybody trying to get work done on a laptop. but were there any distractions left untouched by the virtual?
please join us on tuesday march th at : for a social night with fellow salonistas. we want to see your creative selves especially if you are thinking about attending but feeling shy moody intimidated uninspired or just downright sick and tired of the business of business.
i love caterwauling women
due to his backlog of debts block says he remains “one payment away from having my car repossessed” but vows to keep going because gratitude brings out the good in life.
and so as i write and as i try to develop worlds in which to set my novels i would like to try and emulate brandon sanderson. he has clear rules for his magic and it is not used frivolously. i like the almost scientific feel he brings to the subject of magic and he shows that he has thought through even all of the limitations that his magic system has forcing his characters to work around them.
and greg and karen’s history.
and after about eight hours of motoring we found our home for the night. r and s were definitely ready to get off the boat and play. there was just enough beach there for them to be able to throw rocks. :)
actually i should rephrase that. i think i would first have loved it aged seventeen. i'm now and loved it anyway. when i bought it i thought i'd pass it on to my kids. my older son (now ) might like it in couple of years time (though there are no battling romans or exploding orcs in it so his tastes will need to broaden first). my younger son (now ) is definitely too young for some of the themes.
when you mindfully deal with control freaks you can free yourself from their manipulations. knowing how they operate will let you choose how to interact with them.
“not too much longer. we are almost there.”
yesterday was finnish culture day here and although i didn't get to write a post on it i thought this might be just as good.
earlier traders would import cement through a goods train from pakistan as the old check post at attari lacked adequate infrastructure to facilitate its import through road.
 water should be changed every few days depending how warm it is. warmer weather will need frequent change of water.
i wish you joy and happiness
he has also started the complete canadian curriculum for grade workbook. my goal is for him to be done this by the time he starts his transition into grade .
then they were about to stone paul when lysius rescued him and brought him into the barracks. then paul was going to be scourged until he appealed unto caesar. this the second time the apostle did this for we read of similar circumstances in acts :.
the churchbuilt in the dutch stylewas founded in . it is the royal family's local church when
i had a couple of hours in atlanta before my flight to paris so i slid into a bar stool at one flew south which happens to be about a hundred yards from the air france gate. it was late friday afternoon and most of the international concourse bar patrons were in a festive mood. my pals tiffany the bartender and terrence the head waiter were very excited that i was off to paris. terrence told me to make sure one day to be on a river boat on the seine at nightfall. after a couple of perfect vesper cocktails and best wishes all around it was time to head down to the boarding area.
so this year will be full of good things
“keep still my lady.”
let righteousness grow with it;
level : mp cost: % chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs time between skills: seconds.
. intellectually challenging cinema should be fun – the director makes use of split screens slow motion dream sequences really complex camera moves long single takes without cuts and much more besides to provides a truly mesmerising cinematic experiences along with a little sex and a bit more nudity and very little in the way of violence.
*i like home and decorating project to be:
cholesterol . mg
not so long ago getting your wife a mink coat was tantamount to a diamond ring. it was expensive and showy a status symbol not unlike dad's cadillac. then somewhere along the way an awareness about the animals used to make it started to erode its place at the top. eventually this awareness turned into aggression and multimillion dollar campaigns against it. the fur coat as a symbol of elegance and pride was thhhhrpt (fart noise).
wahooo can you guess how much paint and ink and modge podge i have all over the place:):) well its so worth it to create with free abandon is so good for the soul:) i have created this art journal after taking heidi kelley's class called b you she is a teacher at miss arts papercrafting school. this class covers mixed media application and so much more
may the lord be praised he is patient with us even when he looks down here to earth and sees us messing up our relationships and blundering around with clouded vision. he loves us anyways and he is still willing to teach us over and over again how to love like he does. he is patient with our feeble efforts to understand him and his love he is awesome his might is really unspeakable isn't it? "for great is the lord and greatly to be praised; he is to be feared above all gods." psalm :
at siwanoy country club par 
my mother called. she had just called meals on wheels and explained the situation. the director didn't want to kill her. wednesday was fine.
as i've thought about all the definitions and interpretations i have come to realize something that i believe. and it's something i need to embrace and live.
these animated features are able to effect the minds of an adult just as equally as they capture the heart of a child. the trick?
unfortunately i didn’t leave work until :ish so i had to find an alternative workout to keep my stamina up and utilize the big powerbar i had just eaten. that pretty much just left the elliptical. boooo.
this morning i was reading a report and tweeted it to my followers. the rest of this post will examine this article and it’s conclusions.
cook dried elbow macaroni in boiling water according to manufacturer's instructions. cook until al dente not completely soft.
. rio – :
you come in to look for a king
put your spice mixture ingredients into vittles processor and grind perceptible. dice the offensive meat. marinate the diced yellow meats squirrel the spice glue canola oil and lime liquor for about hours; hop will stage preferred. spun wool meat dices on to bamboo tickler. grill for organ each side. engage in not coldshoulder to brush your meat ensconce marinate and kecap manis during grilling case. combine the sambal kecap ingredients to get ready sambal kecap.
but take a look around you. anyone who is doing something great had a lot of bad ideas to get to where they are today. i don’t know of any exceptions. if you haven’t “failed” recently or had a bad idea success will likely elude you as well.
the event was also attended by various leaders of european political parties with a knowledge — and therefore a healthy fear — of islamic expansionism they included filip de winter of the vlaams belang heinz christian strache of fpö and rene stadtkewitz leader of the geert wildersinspired and recently formed german freedom party or die freiheit.
on my reread this week i was impressed by the way that pike conveys main character ilonka's desperation denial and eventual acceptance without ever sensationalising her experience or resorting to cheap sentimentality. he manages to capture a sense of the way a person gradually says goodbye to the world of the living that's quite definitely about their journey rather than those they're leaving behind.
jane was not as comforted as patti wanted to make her jane was not as comforted as she hoped her mother would make her but both were more comfortable with each other than at any point in their lives.
a couple of weeks ago i started project healthy my attempt at making some real and lasting lifestyle changes. i kicked off project healthy with giving up my greatest love: soda.
what really got me was the hoover high school chastity club. those girls managed to be the perfect mean girls. body obsessed perfectly dressed and obsessed with a good girl image. you know anyone who openly berates people for not taking a chastity pledge is headed for a pretty big fall from grace.
the cutesy thing has a name. i am dead now.
(ignore those crumbs – the dog will get those later.)
look for old world on facebook too.
i've decided to skip the morning workout today
most flowers sold in the uk are bought by women.
wilderness bottle: one simple one was using an empty cleaned out liter soda bottle (dr pepper of course). i took sophie outside filled the bottle with sticks leaves acorns pieces of pine cones and anything else i could find that would add noise and color to the bottle. i put the lid back on and voila unfortunately she doesn't play with it much. it is quite boring after a few shakes apparently. :)
there are over publishers in the usa alone. with the exception of the six big boys in new york city and other large publishers most take direct submissions without an agent. we’re talking well over publishers here
happy tuesday everyone i hope your day was very productive. i am linking up with blog hoppin' this week and today is teacher talk tuesday. i will try to offer my best advice for new and returning teacher alike.
why doesn’t neil take keating’s advice? it’s not terrible actually. take your shot by talking and if it doesn’t work out wait it out. this is a common problem of the depressed: the sense that things can’t ever change.
the lives you live are but fake
from my reading of the letters and now these m’s i’d argue that much of what is found in the juvenilia is read into them; i’m not saying the diabolic and anger is not there but that it was not consciously intended or admitted to. like her family jane austen deflected the satire anger resentment of her texts; the family called such passages “nonsense” or neutrally “vigorous;” austen described it as “fun” delightful and laughed.
johansson me holmstrom s abebe a jacobsson b ekman g samuelson a et al. intrauterine fetal death due to echovirus . scand j infect dis ; : .
however attending the rose bowl game in person may have slightly changed my mind. i am a diehard oregon ducks fan; so this year i was lucky enough to attend the rose bowl where they defeated the wisconsin badgers for their first rose bowl win in years.
i love advice columns. i began reading ann landers when it was ann landers at an early age following in the footsteps of my mother. she often put the paper down in the morning and exclaimed "i just love that ann landers." this being the only words she had spoken to me after "get up" no i'm just kidding she was a morning person. i was not. later i read carolyn hax's tell me about it column in the washington post when it first came out. i returned to reading her column and the fake dear abby column (i'm not saying they are not good i'm just saying they are not abby. i always preferred ann i will say) in the philadelphia inquirer when the new york times wanted to charge me to read the paper online.
she’d closed her eyes whilst trying to relax herself but they snapped open at the mention of her name.
and there is sunset… light may disappear for a little while but it will always come back to you to lit your life just like sunrise.
if you care to look at the videos or the stories that you read of people fighting back against the system it's overwhelmingly older people doing it. the younger generations simply don't care. now i know that there are movements like anonymous and reclaim the streets etc but they're controlled opposition. more so while the minority of youngsters may believe they are fighting against the nwo they are in fact implementing their wishes by promoting globalism multiculturalism new age religions homosexuality etc. and happily destroying culture traditions religious beliefs and morality bringing in a world of relative belief.
we got mr w a new computer yesterday funded with part of my tax refund. he kicked in % and i'll have him work off some of his debt as well. i had to explain what "sweat equity" meant. so far so good; it's a much better computer than the first one i bought anyway and wasn't much more expensive. what really hurt was the "juice box" warranty which was about % of the purchase price of the computer. but this way if something gets spilled on it we're covered. *sigh* i always doubt myself at these big expenditures but i could think of lots of practical reasons for the kid to have his own computer.
birds are chattering flowers are blooming and we the motorsports fans are also gearing up for the season fan activities are not only a way for the fans to gather and share their passion for the sport it also presents an opportunity to meet driverseams from their favorite racing series.
what do you think of lynnderella's vday collection? i personally think it's my fav. one yet. ;) do you have any of them? which one is your fav? it's too hard for me to pick a fav....i love them all
remember all comments are welcome. i'm not a decorator so if something looks terrible it's your duty as my bloggy friend to tell me thanks
genesee sent me a box full of dundee samples (not related to the genesee beers in the previous post that was bought and paid for...by sam for me) and one was a new one: dundee irish red lager. reminds me of the killian's but with a sharper edge up front and a sweeter smoother finish. again this is a good nonhoppy beer and there are people out there who like craft beer that isn't hopped to the nines. i'm betting this would be good with aged firm cheeses or beef stews. it's pretty good on its own.
my client found the table for $ on her local craigslist and with a little elbow grease on the part of her husband it looks like new paired
i've been completely ashamed and i haven't even checked my email in the past months. yikes
what kind of article would this be if i didnt write about my favorite team? the issue with the mets is pitching. the new york mets’ official website has made it very clear that gm sandy alderson wants to resign reyes. the fact that that is one of our team’s headlines alone is pathetic. the fact that alderson wants reyes back is less pathetic but still pretty low. here’s the order i see these things in:
i'm glad to announce that i was wrong.
geetanjali – tagore
if you want to spend a little time outside or your kids just need some room to roam around this is a good stop for you.
“i don’t have time.”
see you at eight professor hill.
appreciate my body for all it has done and continues to do for me
“one of the tools that teachers use to get kids jazzed about science–handson science kits–could face an uncertain future amid a debate on safety” the associated press reports from washington:
"guess what it is?" he asked.
we have four generous sponsors for this challenge: whimsy stamps is offering their random winner digis of their choice; digi doodle shop's prize is a $ gift voucher; crop stop's prize is a $ gift certificate; and cuddly buddly's prize is a pound gift certificate lots of chances to win a great random prize and as always we will be picking a top three who will win a blog badge and a chance to be a guest dt member in a future challenge.
the only thing i remember thinking next was “dang if i’d known i was getting a proposal i probably would have worn a cuter dress and washed my hair”. typical. just goes to show that sometimes it doesn’t matter.”
your voice was shaken
bump it up: another extension to this activity would be for students to use the contacts app (an standard app on the device) to build a math vocabulary database with images of the vocabulary (captured from the device or from the internet) a website that may give more information & the definitions written in the notes field. (see signs of math bump activity).
for me another part is firing up the plant room for all the tender and tropical plants i am overwintering; right now it looks like a minijungle in there except that jungles usually don’t have artwork and bookshelves. it also includes planting the final perennials and—of course— bulbs many of which are being forced for januarymarch enjoyment. though i must say i think i enjoy potting them up and storing them in the root cellar even more than when they bloom.
phreak: great. i knew i should’ve asked for teemo buffs when i had the chance.
“i know enough about electronics to show them how to attach a battery to a series of motors. you don’t need a degree in physics.”
) meanwhile we also read that it might yet be possible to construct "a protective bubble" around future spaceships so that they can "zip across the galaxy." each ship would have spacetime "bunched up in front of it and stretched out behind it."
 if your from austin you'll need to find a friend.
so this means that we build our reality. we can convince ourselves that the way we perceive things is correct even if later we realize it wasn't.
*navy old navy dress pants: $.
i divide my icing into how many colors i'll need whether it's for piping or flooding. (ie...if i need red for outlining and flooding i make one big container of red.) then i tint them with food coloring. if i need a color for both piping and flooding i go ahead and fill a piping bag before adding the water for flooding. here's a link with more details on icing prep.
girl scout : and would you like to donate any cookies for the troops on the front lines sir?
apart from the ongoing public sector strikes a major news story in south africa at the moment involves white blue bulls rugby player bees roux who has been arrested and charged with murdering a black traffic policeman
oh and you can get the ebook version for $. here :
each card is made by hand.
i’m just one of those people that don’t give up especially when i know the end result is going to be mighty tasty.
i join alex petty at the lucky shag. i break my own golden rule of foreign travel and have a british beer: a pint of hobgoblin ruby – it is not easily found and it is a stonking good ale.
so i mentioned in my last post that i was thinking about using the ikea henriksdal arm chair in my living room paired up with the new gray velvet slipcover. part of the joy of blogging is having comments and emails from new friends and sweet sweet yolanda emailed me with a few links for similar chairs i wanted to share with you.
nevertheless the condemnation of men sleeping with men and women with women seems clear enough and i hope it’s not a controversial idea to try to figure out what paul would have meant when he wrote those words – what he expected his audience to take away from his comments.
i am therefore going to draw attention to a few us blogs i read regularly not because of their coverage of us law but because they are thought provoking direct and address issues which are of universal application to all lawyers – and leave you to explore should you wish to the many excellent law blogs in the blawg review listing #.
julia e. sweig – the daily beast 
brouwerij lindemans lindemans framboise
it’s fair to say that i spend as much time in san francisco’s historic chinatown as i do in north beach — my pharmacy and my doctor are in chinatown and many of the discount stores that we patronize for household goods are also on grant or stockton avenue or somewhere in between. i also frequent the grand chinatown branch library when the north beach branch doesn’t have what i’m looking for (which is fairly often but the journey there requires a steep uphill walk of four blocks and several ounces of patience since chinese when casually strolling the sidewalks are notoriously oblivious to their surroundings and difficult at best to navigate around when one is in a hurry).
sing praises to our king sing praises
first time i heard about this movie i wasn’t really on board all i got of the plot description was five friends go to a cabin in the woods and bad stuff happens. sounds like a pretty standard horror film. add to that a script by joss whedon and i was wary. it’s not that i hate his work but sometimes the whedon fanboysirls are a little over zealous with how they sell his creative pursuits. all that was put to rest when i saw the trailer looks like there is something interesting happening with the movie as it tries to subvert expectations.
boys we are getting close
he conjures up a continuum of color
neighbors and people who knew him say he was a fixture in the area guarding his church at night. wednesday evening the unidentified yearold was shot and killed. police are looking for two men in connection with the murder.
luke :
being a mom of two i am finding it harder and harder to find time to sew. so when i can finish a project during my daughter's nap while also tending to my year old ('mama i need to go potty...mama can i have a snack?' you get the picture.) it is awesome. this is one of those projects
'real men' have have a primal need to make a fire chop the wood and do the old fashioned camping thing. like with a tent and axe along with all the paraphernalia that goes with camping. this exposes them to hundreds of spiders snakes and feral animals as well as biting insects. and heaven help if it rains or even pours during the night. they don't blink an eyelash. they strut around tackling it like they would if they were riding a wave or skiing the slopes of the alps.
and if you happen to be in woolworths from anzac day onwards next week then pick up the may issue of the woolworths fresh mag. you might just spot a little photo and quote from moi in there.
issue one:
first of all the comments from the pop quiz were awesome thanks to all who read and commented. even if you don't comment thanks for reading
for me they have personality converses jeans and a tshirt; it’s what i wear most of the time. i don’t care a lot about fashion trends but it doesn’t mean i don’t like looking my best if i’m going to somewhere like the supermarket chances are you’ll see me wearing something far from fashionable.
it was christmas eve and it was windy in the city that night. she stood on the street corner alone. she was beautiful and wealthy with sharp features and brown hair. months ago she had married her boyfriend from college tom. she was off the market and happy. sort of. his parents whom she loathed were hours late to pick her up from grand central. she pulled out her phone to call them but slipped on a piece of ice. she sat there crying. but a car drove past and a man got out. and that's when she saw him: brown hair brown eyes tan with a jawline that could cut scene progress. he asked her if she was okay and helped her stand up but she had broken her high heel and she slipped again and fell awkwardly onto him as he kneeled to pick up her broken phone. she apologized profusely and wanted to think of a way to ask him for a ride but she knew that was ridiculous and unwifelike and so she remained silent. he then offered her a car ride in a bold manner and knowing that her husband always caved when he would say something bold and she would pretend she had not heard. so she pretended like she had not heard this man's offer. she felt that was a fair way to go about things. he didn't cave at all in fact he flourished unlike her wimpy husband. she laughed. and he led her back to his car.wow my god. boring. unfortunately most people think that this can pass as "fictoniteratureriting". let's find an excuse to show this stuff via imagery sensory descriptions action subtext dialoguesubtext or suggestive dialogue or flat out dialogue. my last resort is generally to be the narrator telling information. too many writers take the easy way out it's very easy to just tell information it's much harder to show it seductively subtlely.
pickle is poorly again. it’s the usual phlegmy chest headache snots and high temperature. that godfecksaken virus that all kids get. except mine seem to get it worse than the rest and end up having several days off school roughly every six weeks. the doctor can doing nothing for a virus of course so it’s sticky sickly sweet syrupy meds all the way. they’re enough to make anyone puke.
and thankfully the cute crab had a good time with gram and papaw and was happy as could be when we got him.
cinema star
medea institute wishes to be a resource and a reference point for people wanting to engage in the euromediterranean dialogue. via its meetings and talks the institute seeks to create exchanges between political economic and diplomatic players experts journalists academics and others.
 green tea cookies
so if you want to see ts it's on this morning at am on the amc channel. the whole experience will be over in about minute so you can return to your real life quickly thereafter as i did.
but i have found a blog that has helped me focus on one small organization and one couple and one clinic and that has helped me given me knowledge yet held off the nightmares.
make fun of me if you want to knock romance if you must. but deep down i think every girl would love to believe there's a man out there who'd be willing to slay a dragon and run through flames just to kiss her despite her having years worth of morning breath.
it's essential.
bless + o lord this creature beer which thou hast deigned to produce from the fat of grain: that it may be a salutary remedy to the human race and grant through the invocation of thy holy name; that whoever shall drink it may gain health in body and peace in soul. through christ our lord.
what’s important here is to remember the grand narrative of the biblical story. we have to remember israel’s purpose. we have to go back to genesis : god’s revelation and mission to abraham. god tells abraham through him all the clans of the earth will be blessed. it’s not about one people group being better than another. it’s not ethnocentrism. it’s about god’s plan to redeem the world. it’s about saving humanity from the inside out. israel is the vehicle for that plan. therefore amalek could not be allowed to succeed. as long as amalekite lungs drew air the plan was not safe. the salvation of the world stood on the brink.
yes you are not mistaken: that was the word ‘drumbeat’ as in ‘drumbeat to war‘ used in a positive way by a news host.
if the interventions are directed against governments involved in genocides statistical data and examples like kosovo rwanda and east timor indicate that governments tend to escalate the violence in order to be "finish the job" before further killings become impossible to carry out. however if governments have genocidal goals it raises the question of whether these civilians may have been killed anyway albeit at a slower rate in the absence of an intervention. from that perspective government run genocides are more difficult to deal with than nongenocidal atrocities by rebels and governments alike and may need to involve a different toolbox for peacekeepers or may not involve peacekeeping forces at all but rather other kinds of intervention forces. however data suggest that neutral interventions also in these kinds of cases have the most beneficial longterm prognosis for reducing g.
our host site is situated between two small bays and the shallow stagnant water attracts carp (we call them garbage fish). they are bottom feeders that are not good for eating and when fishermen catch them they throw them up on the bank not back out in the water. the boys have always bowfished and the bays near us are perfect for it... last night they only caught one and it ended up being diseased misshapen and full of puss (cuz' you really wanted to know that lol)
the way you make me feel – michael jackson
i won’t abandon you gg not on your first day that is… and to show you a little gratitude why don’t you take the rest of the afternoon off get yourself a babysitter – on me – and go out on a date with hubby. after a long day of work tell your hubby that le clown insists he gives you a very long foot massage – at least two hours worth of foot rubbing. i’m not done with the surprises… once your feet have reached the seventh heaven (le clown lives on the ninth heaven) you can just turn around close the lights and fall asleep. that’s right. the only thing your hubby can expect out of the foot massage is to prepare you breakfast tomorrow morning. these are le clown’s wishes. don’t thank me just oblige me.
i am seeing a personal trainer twice a week. she used to be the coachelector for the england under hockey team. she is tough but fair and she lives across the road so is great motivation.
before marking any candidates box in the polling booth please consider the facts that should first be discovered and seek clarity of proof from any various candidates making such comment. get the proof that any candidate is working for you and get the facts. at the moment the bhafc plans have not changed on the public planning portal. the road is still coming through mash barn lane to serve the academy and the mystery proposed development to the north. there are contractors in the lane and they are talking about just taking any persons land in or adjacent the lane.
and there you have it. not hard when the internet is here to guide you if anyone is still reading i wish you many chevrons and babies and plenty of time to enjoy them all.
from the documentation google parses your blog content and if it is pertinent it will display a gadget section on the right side tool bar beneath the post sections area. while my earning section indicate that this blog is eligible for affiliate ads none of my older posts on this blog have this option available.
) harriet goes over and rubs herself against a shard of metal.
we do not believe that constructing another coal terminal supporting an expansion of mining in the hunter valley is a step in the right direction. we need to reduce our reliance on coal and there will never be a “good” time to do this. we believe the sooner we start this transition the better.
what i love about this is that the large oval fits into the oval of the textured impressions designer frames embossing set. this was done using our brushed silver cardstock.
blimey ... i am getting really really bad at this blogging lark not only have i not updated it ... but i have n't even checked in this week ... not once ... so my poor blog is feeling very neglected even my side bar is about twenty years out of date i really must make more of an effort
this is what it feels like to be back at home.
cases made: 
but it woke me up. and here i am two hours later.
a very interesting article goes deep with the shelton brothers who import international beers for the u.s. market (in addition to brewing their own).
 has come to an end…
and all because i love getting presents. ^^ sometimes growing up is overrated.
hialeah and representative michael bileca of miami is seen as a “gesture”
b) the middle finger of the right hand (the left was unlucky)
for anyone with vinyl siding there's a possibility that you could simply remove it and paint your house i talked to a few of my neighbors who told me the former owner installed the vinyl siding because the house needed a paint job and adding vinyl siding made the house maintenance free for the elderly owner.
the world is full of dreamers. everyone knows people who woke up too late only to discover that life had passed them by because they never did anything to make their dreams happen. they slept their life away dreaming one day after another of doing something great while those who faced reality were busy making their dreams happen.
i finally feel like things are coming together. this was the bottleneck so to speak.
the following tuesday dragon soul came out.
why it’s important: advisors who find ways of making the risk personal will find that consumers are more likely to take steps to protect their financial security. ask whether your client knows anyone with a common condition such as back pain heart disease or depression to get consumers thinking about disability protection. .
as for training well it wouldn't be a real champagne without a few bumps along the way. this week we have had it all. i have had to manage some thoracic issues. fatigue levels got pretty high by the end of the week. we have had state team training. we have shifted out of one accommodation and into another and then back to our original accommodation. we have aimed to test boats but this may not happen this week now. working through a team dynamics has us asking questions of ourselves and discussing what this all means and what we need to be the best we can be.
edit: beeriz
three chinese women traveled to the cnmi in august and september after allegedly being promised jobs at a new hotel that lin was opening on saipan.
tomorrow will mark thirty years that my dad passed away.
if you’re a regular reader of my writing on this blog aoo you might be wondering about what does this all mean?
level : mp cost: attacks up to enemies times damage: % % chance to stun the enemy for seconds.
 jan: while researching something else i came across a recent article by fred zindl that discusses the fate of the four brothers and their families. tragic and all too common for the vast majority of african musicians exploited and then discarded by the music industry.
patty is in the midst of figuring out what she wants to do with her life. her son died just over years ago she’s divorced and living with a man she’s in the process of leaving. recently she met a friend of her sister’s in florida had relative fun with him but no big deal. she came back to nj and eight days later he moved here. this is the kind of effect she has on men. except women love her too.
i am looking for a few guest bloggers. i'd like to have lined up for the days around easter. drop me an email or connect with me on facebook and we'll work something out. thanks
and so moon ran out towards the sea and there were no distractions this time
i wore them until the soles tore away from the uppers.
in hollywood fame can be found on every corner and behind any door. you just have to know where to look for it. nineteenyearold madison parker made a name for herself as best frenemy of nicegirlnextdoor jane roberts on the hot reality show l.a. candy. now madison's ready for her turn in the spotlight and she'll stop at nothing to get it. sure she's the star of a new show but with backstabbing friends and suspicious family members trying to bring her down madison has her work cut out for her. plus there's a new nice girl in "reality" town—aspiring actress carmen price the daughter of hollywood royalty—and she's a lot more experienced at playing the fame game... when the camera's start rolling whose star will shine brighter?
part : while cleaning chuu’s classroom bossun drinks from a coke bottle containing a potion that mixes up his feelings and expressions: he laughs when angry cries when bored looks cool when he’s crying and looks angry when embarrassed. remi messes up chuu’s antidote so bossun’s expression becomes frozen in anger.
now i don't want to see you people all comment and tell me that i just need to work on it more novel writing will become easier over time don't discourage yourself now.
the little red engine saves the day and is given the name royal red. now when the two bigger engines boast and brag the little engine by royal decree can tell them "up yours."
we were really happy with our food. we ordered our favorites. the zinger double down and fries they're staples if we were to dine on kfc. we were both happy that they had the zinger version. spicy version daw. though we don't find it super spicy. we can handle some more anghang (sinakto lang siguro nila para hindi masyado maanghang for most customers.) also would like to commend the double down paper holder (whatever that may be called) lol it certainly added comfort on holding our dd's. fries as always superb. we love kfc fries the most among our local fastfoods. mas patatas i personally don't like starchy fries. i like the potato taste on my fries. i also like mine dipped in gravy. not ketchup. though sometimes it can suffice. :d
puerto chacabuco – very small town we got a taxi and rode to a waterfall looked at a cool pedestrian bridge played in the river…
same way a family want to know whether their children want to become doctor or engineer so that they can spend money on him. in the absence of that every body with out aptitude studies for doctor or engineering courses or their entrances which makes the corporate coaching centers very rich. till now there are no satisfactory answers for this question as to how to predict measurable actionable behavior (mab) cues that translates in to future actions good or bad.
candle jumps up on cupcake's head to remove the nut and it appears that they finally discover that they are perfectly matched...when candle declares that the next day they should try...a potato...lol
preheat oven to degrees. grease an × pan set aside.
bf: that’s there for everybody to see.
) do you believe in ghosts or evil spirits? would you be willing to spend a night alone in a house that is supposedly haunted?
i wondered what he meant by "huge tip." i have seen other people's "huge tips" be two or three dollars.
gripes about margaret's editing generally focus on three aspects of the film each of which i find integral in context: subplots transition shots and "choppiness". let me take a brief look at each of these three starting with subplots. yes margaret contains a great number of characters subplots and scenes which do not seem to support the main thread of the film: how lisa deals with her role in monica's death. there are long conversations with parents teachers police officers and others which do not necessarily advance this storyline or could do so far more briefly. but the film is as much about how lisa does not deal with her shared responsibility for the bus accident as it is how she does deal with it. in order for the intensity of her interest in the lawsuit to make sense we need to see her attempt to live life for a while for a good chunk of the film really by ignoring it. it's a sad but human truth that sometimes the most effective way to cope with a tragedy is to move on with our lives as if it never happened. it doesn't always work as when lisa goes on a date the night of the accident. but this instinct cannot be summed up in a single scene; we have to feel a sense of the duration of her trying to live life without dealing before it makes sense to see her deal.
rambling summer days
i had orientation for my new job this past week so naaman took care of both boys for three days in a row. granted it is not a very nice thing to be ripped apart very suddenly from your weekold. i think brigham was probably like "hey wtf? where's the boobs?" naaman said he cried and fussed all day. i don't think i realized how much nursing is a comfort to him in addition to being his food source. but there's nothing i can do about that. he's going to have to get used to the bottle.
if you want to know read on. if not stop here and go eat a cupcake. actually everyone should eat a cupcake while reading this. it'll take the edge off.
we swept raked and pitched hay for hours. it was dirty dusty work but so worth it
it's just such a wonderful piece. the colors are amazing and subtle and it's much lighter than i thought it would be. this is going to make a truly fantastic beaded necklace and something that i intend to wear to remind myself to lighten up once in a while and to let myself smile
the bourne version on the other hand ultimately lets kim and since they are not as popular or revered as her the suburbanites off for their crimes. by having edward evaporate at the end of the dance kills the emotional impact of the production because edward ceases to be what he had to be all along a real person capable of being harmed. bourne’s version is much more gilded with pleasure more candyland than goth. edward gets lost in it.
these are the times you have been waiting for for it means that you are all getting closer to the remembrance of your reason for being here in this cosmic moment of the cyclic movement from one age to another. from this point onward life will take on an impetus of one revelation after another coming into the light of each person’s consciousness. many of you will have your ‘aha’ moments as the pieces of the puzzle start to fall into place and all the mysteries of your life become more clear. there is now an unstoppable awakening light that is inundating this planet and it is a peaceful loving and powerful energy.
hope you're all well.
and i also got to meet my new 'granddaughter' in the form of a jack russell mix.
i wondered about abba's fernando but i'm not convinced it's about spain.
. the buzz on campus is about your performance—it was fantastic how did you and your band mates come up with the name house of waters?
i've made blog friends all over the world now but never did i imagine i would find one in my own back yard
. find out the topic for the week by searching for the #eltpics hashtag or asking @sandymillin @fionamau or @cgoodey (the current curators of the site). a new topic is announced every sunday. (by the way if you have any topic suggestions feel free to let us know)
i asked the goddess tarot one last question a simple one direct so it was easy to focus upon. will america make me happy will america still love me. i am of course thinking of him. it is a simple question i am not asking too much of this simple phone application am i?
on the other end haze has vowed not to overprice this year “the first time i’m willing to love someone without guarantees of being loved back.” to let down her guard and to take a risk.
a long time ago i picked up some artist trading cards at the craft store. at the time i didn't know what they were. i just thought the little ½ x ½ inches cards were cute. they also come in a variety of papers so i thought it would be a great way to try out paper without a big investment. last week i tucked a package into my purse along with a micron. my thinking was that i could pull them out at work whenf i get caught up and need something to keep busy. i am interrupted often at work so an atc is great. a smaller size gives me smaller sections to work on so i can fill them quicker and not worry about forgetting where i was.
abv .%
. digitize our paper documents and records.
it was a worry which ate at me all weekend while the snow fell in cambridge">the snow fell in cambridge. and then three days later i woke up opened my email account and found a message from paypal. a fourfigure sum had been deposited in my account. from getty images.
 vinyl williams higher worlds
she began to take flight instinctively then remembered her new brood and landed before she really got off the water. i had no idea that it was going to be a female and her brood and once the action started i shot from force of habit i will be more careful now that i know that there are ducklings all over the place no more playing games with the mallards until their young have been raised.
after a little while they came in and stuck needles in me and me did not care. me just kept talking to the unicorn.
that made
"why didn't you say anything?"
cara: i chose an obvious way and went to graduate school for an mfa in creative writing (columbia university ).
i enjoyed the graphic novelhapter book style which keeps readers engaged and is perfect for young adolescents who can be hard to keep engaged. i do think that it’s necessary to read the first two books before progressing on to this one as there isn’t much explanation or backstory given and the book is much more enjoyable if you have already gotten to know the characters.
i loved the videos and loved the discussions but when i sat down to tackle the readings associated with the lecture i realized that much of what was in there was not remotely addressed in any cognitive sense in class. while i learn well enough from reading i do find i learn best with a combination of audio and visual stimuli and ideally a concrete example of a theory via discussion. our life skills course was a perfect blend of just that; this first class however had jumped straight to examples and assumed understanding of the logic beneath. it was like traversing a highway without road signs: i can guess the speed and which exit i need to take but who’s to blame if the cops yank me over and tell me i was doing km in an km zone? all students need a few guiding markers to keep us on track.
joryn
i think shakespeare was a traveling band of writers they came up with the name after liking the two words sheik and the word spear as in two words but they spelt sheik wrong and we ended up with it as one word so where it should have read sheik spear we have ended up believing it to read shakespeare.
this is just a stop on a way where i'm going
after letting the two layers set in the fridge for about half an hour i proceeded to make and fill my top layer of bittersweet chocolate mousse. then i let the whole cake set in the fridge for the rest of the afternoon and then decorated the top with more halved strawberries. and i left the leaves on to add a splash of green to the cake.
ah technology
small things with small alterations in motivation but the jaidee in the novel wouldn’t be the same without his thai background and culture.
by ‘it’ i don’t mean “sex with a giant interstellar hippopotomoid” (though from the visual clues this wouldn’t be too much of an inaccurate assessment); what i’m referring to is an ‘it’ in terms of functional life as a pair of slippers. that dear friends is what they’ve had.
our instinct kicks in
i still don't think i have my shoe and insole issue worked out and it is really starting to piss me off. the prokinetics insole gives me good support but not enough cushion on my long runs. my custom has good cushion but is so big and heavy (insole + my stability shoe lugging around a pound on each foot).
also since the bundle of jute will not fit through the hole in the shamrock you will have to cut a certain length out. i think i did about times my "wing span" (you know when you stretch your arms out and apart). and it's quite annoying pulling the whole length through every time so i tied it like so:
. learn to make davids favorite cookies
fit mind n body’s next cleanse for a cause start wednesday may th and will benefit coach todd french who is battling stage lung cancer. you can learn more about todd andr donate the $ registration fee at www.goteamfrench.com. then email me the receipt and let me know what class you want to take (: am or : pm). for more info visit my website at www.fitmindnbody.com. keep it clean to get lean
macaroni and cheese became a staple of their lives.....
sent: monday march : pm
as you know i love my friend google. i’m always checking with him for my pictures for my blog and he always delivers.
how's he gonna fit that into his checked luggage let alone through customs?
even if i don't make any money the chairs will have served their purpose by making me realise that there's no earthly reason why i have to stick to books. i can sell anything i like as long as i make a profit.
raider currently has an a rating with the better business bureauwhich says more about the bbb's lack of usefulness for assessing publishers than it does about raider's reputation. the bbb gives an a rating by default and doesn't change it as long as a company is willing to respond to complaints. the bbb does show six closed complaints for raiderand it's interesting to note that they show the same sudden complaint surge that i'm seeing. five of the six were closed in the past months.
independent retailer of the year
this is me and alan fridaymans newest member on the last night again alcohol was aplenty. i don't like this picture but lisa tells me off for not posting recent pictures of me
today i am delegated to peanut butter sandwich and flask making duty before following on for the first match of the day.
i’ll ajar doors open
it is so important that kids learn these things from a young age. i was very encouraged to be able to watch this with them and see them really get some of these deep truths. the foundation is important because without a firm foundation the building (person) falls. if we want to do something about seeing lives changed by the power of god’s word we need to teach it to our kids. this type of dvd series is helping parents do this with their children and it even helps adults learn some information about the bible. i know that a lot of adults would say that we can’t teach kids such heavy topics like sin judgement and what the pentateuch is but my kids are all under years old and they were enjoying it.
i now have six swarm traps out and placed and i really thought i would see a swarm this week but maybe the sudden colder temperatures have made the girls put off any swarming for a few days. i noticed several dying drones around the outter hives earlier this week. they were healthy looking and big drones with wings that glimmered nicely in the sunlight but they were obviously dying. i did a bit of research and discovered that this maybe a sign of a mating flight. i had always thought the mating flight took place away from the hives but several "experts" state that the drones will return to the hive to die after mating.
historical background
the tranquil is a name for the spiritual viṣṇu nārāyaṇa – who generates an atmosphere which is absolutely devoid of worry and anxiety.
we are going to have a stinky street by next week lol.
the time has finally come. i am alone again.
with rotations the number of troops serving under the alliance’s command in southeastern europe asia africa and the middle east is likely in the millions. in the american commander of the transit center at manas in kyrgyzstan said that nato troops had been airlifted through that base to afghanistan in may of that year an annual rate of twothirds of a million at a time when an estimated of foreign troops in afghanistan were serving under nato’s international security assistance force (isaf).
he often lists the various things that annoy waiters and waitresses one of them being people who don't order drinks then proceed to make their own lemonade.
the gospel trail is harder to reach by public transit and resupply is more difficult because it avoids towns. however it’s easier to cover by car than the jesus trail.
with a heart of gold? that night i dreamt i bore
a cybersmart subscriber who has been with cybersmart for more than two years and subscribes to grow for life will grow their cap at mb per day for life.
 buy . usdjpy . . +.
in acts : paul had a bit of an argument with the lord. could he trust a trance? the message was repeated in verse . paul obeyed god as anyone should. but the jews didn’t for they in verse shouted him down.
but rather than fight back using his own words asking to come on the show buying his own ad to counter the ad that has already played he wants to go a different route.
so what better to do when sick then to hang around on the couch and blog? :)
but i was elected foreman of this quarry last year and i have made it my business to make sure that this wonderful stone is used to the highest purpose that it serve the greatest good for the most people. this is the reason i was elected. i have made it my life’s work to make sure that all people share equally in the benefits of the stones we quarry here.
the story is strange and unverified but is consistent in luciferiansatanic mk ultraanchurian candidate themes and bho and michelle obama’s timeline to the white house.
will your child fall flat if you *do*? it's possible. you can do damage with pushing and expectations.
before the appointment jan called me twice and said to come later because she was running behind and then had to go to the hospital for a second delivery so it was nice that we weren't just sitting in the waiting room the whole time. they didn't do that when i was pregnant with jacob but did do that when i was coming in for appointments after we lost him.
renegade soundwave renegade soundwave uk
note also that one of the three judges who will hear the case is a byu alumni.
probably my favourite poem in the world.
literary links
creative and lifestyle blog came to be. the blog explore trends in various “creative” fields as well as highlighting “creative people” integrating the occasional “guest editor giveaways and other fun filled things stop by anytime…
one fun family project to do is to grow a small herb garden in the house. most people think you must eat fruits and veggies to get all your nutrients in for the day but a hidden food that has a ton of nutrients are herbs spices are also a product that should be bought organic since you eat the leaves that are sprayed with chemicals. one way to save money is to keep one of these cute plants in the kitchen
jefferson to demicheli v. the socioeconomics of influenza. in: nicholson kg hannoun c (ed.). the socioeconomics of influenza and influenza vaccination in europe. pharmacoeconomics ; (suppl. ): .
united desperately poured forward but it left them vulnerable as david de gea palmed away gael clichy’s low shot and nasri wastefully opted not to shoot after dancing around three defenders.
so does the city of new york plan to close parts of adjacent streets notably narrow dean street or even wider flatbush or atlantic avenues during arena events in brooklyn? if so why was it not disclosed during the empire state development corporation's (esdc) environmental review of atlantic yards since it inevitably would affect traffic?
i did announce the other day how i love to pick up poop. there is something nice about doing a mindless task. i have some music usually going and everyone leaves me along while i do it.
usually i would only use one piece of foam with double sided tape attached that i then attached the stamped metal to etch onto but this time i used three pieces...the one i embedded the d brass items (above) in the backing foam in the middle to make sure the brass wasn't too heavy and the foam still floated on the surface and the smaller piece as handle.
it’s understandable. long stereotyped as the favorite pastime of bargainhappy grandmas and moms of clipping coupons gets a pretty bad rap. many believe it gets you minimal deals on junky food. i didn’t touch coupons for years figuring the time it took to collect them was disproportionate to the amount of money they saved.
so the typical yankee hypocrites did what they do best internally: bury the scandal in their oligarch controlled "free" press and redirect attention by hyping a fake video attacking the nobody candidates named huntsman and setting up the elite hated front runner and only real american political constitutionalist ron paul.
i knelt down and gathered several shards of black glass into my hands. a piece of one was a half moon split from the magician’s eyeglass. i clutched it in my human fist until it bit into my palm and my regenerating flesh grew back over it.
pat hall (lab) 
until then seek out some rhubarb and some marjorie standish and keep cooking the maine way.
beautiful design combined with tons of editing options and dozen’s of filters make this the premier mobile editing suite on the market. you will love this app
russia paints nato as a threat supports thugs around the world who try to kill us stakes claims in the arctic insists nato remain helpless in the face of iran's looming missile threat and has said it might strike nato first. obviously this problem can be solved by inviting russia to join nato as a "reward":
and although our nation has come so far and i have truly had the chance to be inspired personally by these accomplishments there is still work to do bias to overcome stereotypes to fight and racist groups to abolish but at least the dream is still alive and i can't wait to see what the world looks like in another years.
i made her eat two bites jb ended up finishing his off. you know what they ate after that since they were still starving because of it being day two of their food standoff? salmon...you've got to be kidding me...they ate the salmon why do i even bother????
easy to blame when u don't want to change or grow
and from many many a village in the darkness of the valley
looks like this:
you take a chance
"it is week in the search for the hilton head gang...the notorious members of karin jurick’s workshop. the trail is still hot... so we shall continue on. we are determined to feature one member each week until they are all accounted for.
we were talking about balance in life in relationships in nature i suppose and i was at a loss for another word to describe this precarious walk of life of finding a lid to fit your pot (yes i also stole that too but this time from a book and i'm not telling you which one so you'll spend all of your free time wondering how you can find your own gems stolen gems that is).
range: personal
this past week has been absolutely crazy busy for me. i've been working like hour days and averaging about hours of sleep every night so if you were wondering where i've been thats why.
like paul when growing older i
there are ffa chapters currently participating in this year’s chapter challenge a pilot competition sponsored by monsanto that is open to chapters in in indiana illinois iowa missouri minnesota georgia and alabama and started march . the competition challenges ffa members to connect with local farmers in their communities learn about their operations and connect them to their ffa chapter. in turn farmers are asked to vote for their favorite ffa chapter online before may .
the new iphone also contains qualcomm gobi baseband chips that allow it to operate on both gsm and cdma networks. we can’t yet confirm or deny the rumors that apple was building a virtual sim card system or if it has an nfc chip yet however.
vessels returning information to the us had to reach the american colonies faster than the british could. to move information and spies back and forth across the atlantic america used a class of ships known as “packet ships” the earliest examples of which were modeled after small fast mail ships.
 straight
c’mon people this is a nobrainer that has been around since the dawn of the internet – don’t use all capital letters in chat. it’s the text equivalent of yelling at everyone and nobody wants to be yelled at.
she glanced westward longingly. “no” she finally said continuing her dance. “i like it here.”
ali’s supervisor social services director sarah wheeler said “ali fit right in the transition was seamless. she learns so quickly she makes the job look easy. she’s been here just over a month but it feels like she’s been here for a long time.”
but what am i to do with all this room now that a chill is in the air?
friends of the earth are in a panic that republicans might actually get the u.s. government to cut back on the insane spending that has put the nation on the edge of sovereign default. lately they’re claiming that majority leader eric candor (rva) “is threatening to sink the american economy and undermine environmental protections so that his wealthy friends including big oil corporations can keep sitting on their cushions.”
chris foschini’s biggest concern is that young people graduating at the high school level do not have sufficient education about money management. chris would push for mandatory financial education before graduation. “our country’s financial crisis is a result of poor money and debt management. part of the solution must be educating our young people to make wise decisions and planning when it comes to their financial future.”
“then said paul i stand at caesar’s judgment seat where i ought to be judged: to the jews have i done no wrong as thou very well knowest. for if i be an offender or have committed anything worthy of death i refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me no man may deliver me unto them i appeal unto caesar. then festus when he had conferred with the council answered hast thou appealed unto caesar? unto caesar thou shalt go.”
son: tim weston
"laurel now knows the truth: yuki is a rare winter faerie the most powerful—and deadly—of all and she is working with klea to conquer and destroy avalon. with tamani david and chelsea by her side laurel prepares for a fight she never thought she would have to face.
corsica sardinia & sicily. these islands hold some incredible roads that like spain have riders consistently rating as some of the best riding to be found anywhere. i wanted to visit sicily long before finding out it was a good ride.
shit most of the people i know are on second and third marriages...dad....lol
“good. because i want us to be friends.”
join with sl st to first ch to form a ring. do not turn.
submissions will be accepted until february . you may make a request of the country you would like to receive a package from but this will be determined by how many submissions are received and the final decision will be made by tracey and vivi.
and this has happened before (harry potter and the early tom clancy novels come to mind): for some reason certain kinds of novels have the ability to shortcircuit the taste and discernment i have been cultivating for the last couple of decades. and it feel sooooooo good.
but the battle wasn't over. the undead arachnid somehow escaped from his toilet paper tomb and began scrambling up the inside of the toilet bowl. as quickly as i could i reached over to flush and after one more valiant effort at escape the spider finally disappeared down the drain. completely rattled i stood there for a moment reveling in my victory and trying to regain my composure. i had won.
i love that brent is sporting my logo tee in this picture with tori spelling good way to get my name out there honey donna martin graduates ps...she's a very sweet lady. i keep thinking of adam from big brother this last season lol
young ho pulls up to tan ya’s place and starts yelling for her like he’s stanley yelling for his stella. she greets him and surprised that he really came. he needs her help and she asks how. it makes him growl and she meows in response. haha i love tan ya with gwan woo but i can’t help but find that these two are cute together in their own right.
juan de g. rodriguez et al. respondentsappellees.
i have used " squares a mix of vintage sheets and new fabric. of them in total. i was totally inspired by beata over at rose hip who makes the most beautiful quilts with vintage sheets mixed with new designer fabric. you should really pop over there to have a peek. she also makes gorgeous pillowcases with a crochet trim that is to die for.
i gave my scales the finger this morning.
dahlings long time no blog disgraceful
cut off leaving a long end for attachment. lightly stuff. sew to one edge of top of body. follow picture for placement.
service his culinary needs. )
to open up the space between a new wide arched opening was added in the demising brick wall seamlessly integrated by proportionally mimicking style of the existing arches. a synonymous window was installed on the east wall to create maximum light exposure in the new “great room”. care was taken to preserve the loft’s history as a warehouse and later an artist’s studio by keeping and accentuating its inherent openness large steel skylights material textures and exposed structure. to accentuate the mass and presence of the exposed brick wall the new stair was cantilevered off of this inherently structural element. the wall was extended up to the top of the stair bulkhead clad with reused brick recovered after demolishing part of the wall for the new arch. new skylight above stair now brings in more light inviting to enjoy the new outdoor roof terrace and garden. the kitchen and family breakfast room were positioned in the most brightly lit part of the apartment with two large existing skylights which flood the space with natural southeast light.
signature room th floor john hancock building chicago illinois
and they had parties.
it’s also important to note that courtney’s degree from columbia university isn’t in anything horserelated; instead she majored in literature. beezie madden – who added a team gold medal at the pan american games in show jumping yesterday – has a twoyear associate’s degree in liberal arts from southern seminary junior college. dressage professional and olympic hopeful lauren sprieser has a degree in public policy and urban planning from sarah lawrence college. and finally madden’s fellow olympic show jumper peter wylde has a degree in history from tufts university and once said of the experience “i spent time with interesting people whom i knew i would not be as likely to meet after school when i went back to riding full time.”
the postmistress by sarah blake (tlc tours)
recently we have been approached by a few college students asking about internship opportunities at events by evonne. as our wedding season is fast approaching it's time to start the search and the interviews.
vancouver – almost third wave with the new bike deck on the canada line bridge over the fraser river. depending on the route you choose a combination of bike routes bike lanes and a bike path on the airport property gets you to the terminal. there are sections missing. leaving the airport bike lanes get you to the river.
note: the dough can get really hard. when you take it out of the fridge and it is too hard to form into balls let it stay for a while at room temperature. the balls do not have to have the perfect form.
finally i found a way to combine math with another subject while studying ancient greece casia learned about a mathematician named thales. he figured out the height of a pyramid using its shadow. so casia garrett and i took a field trip to the beach where there are plenty of tall buildings casting shadows onto the sand.
the people’s state bank in munising michigan
fiery furnaces blueberry boat 
i took all of these signs very seriously and decided that she wants me to move out of my haitus and bring her and her energy into the world so that many can drink from her eternal waters of love and compassion.
build a hen house because i really want chickens this year they are so important for the garden and they will be my friends. they will be nice chickens not the kind that peck your eyes out.
the overall list of jobs dogs do is far too extensive to note here. however purebredbreeders.com hopes that an important point has been made. dogs do more than just entertain and guard us at home they are out in the field being heroes. granted there are many everyday heroes that go unsung. this is all the more reason to treat each pooch we come across with the best possible care you never know when he or she will have to come to the rescue.
from november through
i do not know what he said but it was not complimentary.
 large carrots
hemlock is an interesting take on the werewolf. everyone knows about werewolves and what causes them. some people think that they can control that bloodlust and some believe they should be put into internment camps. i liked how the author dealt with the world facing a new minority group one that most people feared. it seemed realistic and something that would happen in our world if lupine syndrome existed.
joseph smith had his first vision at fourteen. my goodness that was young there was something about hearing a story from the perspective of a fourteenyearold child that made it extra hard to question. maybe it was the belief that most kids this age are innocent. maybe it was because we can remember our own childhoods and recall how tender our feelings were then how optimistic and impressionable we were how trusting we were of friends
please come and visit me at my full blog location:
those symptoms are however only the tip of the iceberg. aspartame has been linked to severe illnesses and long term health issues.
the only concern i have with this is where to divide the line between what is a dr. john album and what is half of a black keys album. i’m not at all trying to take away from dr. john’s career and vast catalogue but some of this just sounds like a track on one of the most recent black keys’ albums. the final track “god’s sure good” is exclusively centered around auerbach’s guitar playing. even the aforementioned “you lie” feels like it is more auerbach than dr. john with the intro sounding virtually the same as “girl is on my mind.” i’m not complaining. i’m as happy as anyone to have a new half of a black keys album. i just worry that they may be flirting with overexposure here; two albums in eighteen months “gold on the ceiling” and “howlin’ for you” being used in about nine out of every ten commercials last year carney popping up with tennis auerbach popping up here. i’d hate to see them oversaturate themselves.
jon cruddas mp said: “what this investigation for file on is identifying is much more significant that any of the charges i was laying before the parliament namely a systematic series of financial irregularities”
“leonard peltier who on september will turn has spent more than half his life in prison. he is a symbol of resistance to repressive state policies by the united states where there are people in jail for ethnic racial ideological and religious reasons” a foundation statement said.
i would to god that ye would look at all your actions in the light of the day of judgment.
main kitchen
so here goes things:
“let us not lose this” cris muttered aloud “let us not lose this god for there is no greater beauty no better hour.”
event + response outcome
wonder boy sang these songs for me on the way home from school this afternoon:
cheap to make
how will others view me? … probably like a dead beat but fuck em they don’t know me.
shoe shopping (how many pairs does one person need. two. maybe three in a pinch.)
king says "description begins in the writer’s imagination but should finish in the reader’s." i keep that in my pocket while i write.
favorite food? i am a vegetarian. any fruit or vegetable works for me but my comfort food is mashed potatoes.
. aloha oe
the search warrant for the lacrosse house contained no mention of a broom; and at no point in her myriad stories did the accuser claim assault by a broom.
congratulations.
i wish you all a very happy & peaceful thanksgiving weekend. take care.
happens more often in young people
anyway clint and i took a "sand castle walk" down the beach every day snapping pictures of castles good and castles bad but all castles fun.
her habitat.
one week ago today i wasn't thinking about too much other than my hair appointment that evening. would i like this keratin express business? (answer yes) would the salon be nice? how much should i get taken off?
) eleanor lambert: still here: in one of those serendipitous moments that has me thanking the universe for my good fortune my trip to brizo fashion week coincided with the publication of this fabulous book by one of my oldest and dearest friends john tiffany so i was able to attend the launch party at lincoln center to celebrate its release. seeing someone i love achieve great success was another highlight to and the fact that it fell during the week i was already in nyc courtesy of brizo was the best kind of unexpected kismet
he chortled in his joy.
i am going to be attending the ward now.
the day after battle i went to work with some light bruising around my eye and a puffed up cheek scratched red from the friction of the ball. my coworkers would walk by me and ask “what happened to you?”
android costs $ for phone + $ per month with taxes $ first year cost. contractually committed costs: $
the spiders sampled included tetragnathidae salticidae and araneidae. these three families represented . % . % and . % of the spiders in the samples respectively. these three spider families accounted for % of the spiders collected.samples contained specimens in families. sheets of web have encased several mature oak trees and are thick enough in places to block out the sun along a nature trail at lake tawakoni state park near this town about miles east of dallas.
back to square one. is this amusing to you? at my roots i believe i’m really just your average girl next door. strip me of my issues and forget about my past; how about you be a darling and help me throw off that chip on my shoulders? look past my immaculate dressing and pacify my sarcasm. tick all that off the list and then go a few steps further to eliminate all the drama – there you have it: su ann raw. sometimes i wonder what happens when you concentrate too much on what other people think of you; do you eventually forget yourself?
this delicious bacon and zucchini quiche recipe is courtesy of elisabeth prueitt from martha stewart.
look out
saint anthony tempted by the devil in the form of a woman
he crawled forward as he reached out touching lightly on all sides of the tunnel pushing for firmness before putting more of his weight into it. he crawled about twenty to twentyfive feet before he came to an end. he touched and slightly pushed but he could go no further. he lay on his elbows forearms and knees thinking about digging ahead. he reached forward and pushed at the dirt poking a finger to see if he could dig somewhere but a thin layer of soil fell away to reveal hard stone. he peeled at the soil and eventually uncovered a circle of stone at the end of his hopeful tunnel.
for all the world he thought he saw dora and taslin exchange the kind of patronising look dora used to share with his mother when they thought he'd thrown a strop. he wriggled a bit closer to the fire closing his eyes and trying not to grind his teeth. the soft hiss and crackle of the flames muted the women's conversation to a strangely pleasant melodic burbling.
it will come to no surprise that profit for the month was down. due to uncertainty relating to ‘burn jita’ as well as the escalation to inferno a decision was made that all tech items would be held back from the market until may.
no i can't resist the day
so i can't really say whether hotpants work as advertised or not because i haven't been using them long enough. their website has all kinds of testimonials from women from all walks of life who swear by hotpants. i'll have to take their word for it at least for now. in another month or two maybe i'll have some spectacular results of my own to share
remarkable photography has been produced by amateurs enthusiasts and professionals. labels don't mean anything.
“whales. parades. electricity. and the rest are blank.”
hmn. closer to hitler than shakespeare methinks.
e – ‘building cycling culture – where do we put the car?’
spain is the avantgarde of design. the country introduced architectural wonders such as the sagrada familia in the late s which has spilled over into the st century as one of the most innovative museums; the guggenheim. one can argue that spain has always been eccentric. historically the iberian peninsula was once under the rule of islam and during this time period engineered magnificent mosques like the mezquita in cordoba. the muslim architectural influences can be seen across the country. for centuries spain has been a pioneer who has introduced the world to new and unusual or even experimental ideas especially in the arts. there is an unspoken beauty.
a general world example: you’ve heard of athletes getting a “signing bonus” when the contract is signed and if colorado is like other states the nursing shortage often means that nurses get a “signing bonus” when coming aboard. also athletes can get a “performance bonus” if they throw x number of touchdowns in a year or reach a certain rbi level (and folks i have no clue what the bonuses are in the sports world so i’m just making this up but you get the picture).
stuck in reverse
amar patel contacted me to say that he’d recently started working from home and was increasingly working on the road. he’d been apprehensive about moving away from the office and had found my blog useful when trying to ‘normalise’ himself with the new way of working. he wanted to share some tips that he’s found had really worked for him.
mike rotella: main solo on “hell is the place”
shelia ;)
social needia: double up’s toughest competitor is the online world of shopping. items that cannot be found in the store are available online through bulk retailers and the respective brand’s website. although the customer may be able to find more of a selection online nothing beats the sheer benefit of trying clothing on instore and developing a relationship with the store employees particularly in a small boutique.
what do you think of a magazine like this sans ads?
kerri had a sleepover planned for tonight. but we had to change our plans. so instead we are going to have a pajama breakfast party tomorrow morning followed by a play date.
as i was merrily mopping the floor my darling daughter came in and said ‘ mummy there is poo in that water’. obviously i thought this was just one of those opportunities to mention poo so said ‘ok hun of course’ but carried on mopping. ‘no mummy there is poo in that water’ she shouts at me. i was starting to get a bit annoyed with her now. ‘don’t be silly of course there isn’t’
realization.
of course they give god all the glory for making them so successful for all their education their money their riches their popularity their wonderful life and so on.
full battle erupted in july with a japanese attack into mongolia. the japanese with an army of some men and a regiment of tanks struck in a clever encirclement against the sovietmongolian forces. unfortunately for them the force was commanded by general greorgy zhukov (later marshal of the soviet union and conquerer of berlin). zhukov sensed the encirclement counter maneuvered and drove the japanese out killing five thousand and destroying the armoured regiment.
the blood ran red to bosworth and the high french lords went down;
my main argument for why kobe will never be jordan is that jordan never lost in the finals. kobe has lost twice in the finals. the pistons and the celtics beat the kobe led lakers. in essence kobe has had more opportunities than jordan to win more rings. and had jordan not taken two years off to play baseball i’m almost positive that jordan would have led the bulls to two more championships. it’s hard to argue otherwise. most great players in that era didn’t get to win a ring because of jordan. those two years off had nba greats salivating at the opportunity. hakeem olajuwon and the hawks were the one’s who capitalized on that short window. jordan doesn’t lose when it matters most. jordan won a nba title with the flu. kobe is always hurt but i’m almost convinced it’s for effect because he still will come out and drop without a grimace on his face unless he misses.
notes: using this quote will make you want bacon. then again so will anything else so long as you’re a man. you’re a man aren’t you?
shabby chic does not come naturally to me but i am blessed to be surrounded by extremely talented ladies on the jr design team and i jokingly say that i am channeling my inner mona for this card lol mona my friend thanks for the inspiration :)
backing; others who voted for the move included former labour culture secretary ben bradshaw left and former labour chief secretary to the treasury lord boateng right
d event
neither did aminadab appear
halpern said that while women do most of the ‘caretaking’ jobs such as childraising or helping the elderly the inequality will remain. but she added that on the other side society was losing many talented men on the domestic caregiving front.
i cannot believe it but jake is now officially . years old and abbie will be . years tomorrow we are going to celebrate with green drinks & green cupcakes :)
it’s not as commonly thought money. no the root of all evil in my humble opinion is the business management tool sap. has there ever been a more time stealing soul destroying lifeerasing entity of rancid bowels of hell stinking pointlessness? answers on a post card please although i suspect not. there are almost limitless ways this foul pernicious company can make the average workers life more difficult and stop them getting any work done.
we have multiplied our possessions but reduced our values. we talk too much love too seldom and hate too often.
the global fund for women (gwf) which since has awarded over $ million to women’s organizations in countries. their african program funds small grassroots women’s organizations working towards ending the practice of fgm.
's of pictures in every single mode your camera has
ellen degeneres (the ellen degeneres show) (winner)
the moral of this story (?) is of course that the dollar store rules expensive shoes lie and jillian michaels will yell at you but you can always mute her. or something like that.
we cant wait to hear what you have and what you are going to do with it
i am going to sit tonight and pop on the finishing touches.
i don’t know much about juicing. i have never done a juice cleanse before. in all my research i don’t see how it can be a completely bad thing to fast for a few days drinking absolutely nothing but fresh natural juices mainly from vegetables. i visited the blue star website (a local juice bar) to see if they had any suggestions or juicing programs. from what i can tell they don’t. buying a sufficient juicer would cost around $ + the cost of pounds upon pounds of fresh fruit to push through it. it seems that purchasing juice at the local juice bar is just as expensive and at least allows me to be noncommittal to the idea of doing this ever again.
there’s a day that’s drawing near
.. and who knows what’s more out there. interestingly all these websites are not containing the movies they stream. both sites write more or less something like this “we are not responsible for what other people upload to rd party sites” as they just link to other websites that do physically contain the movie file.
just the other day hadlee was playing
filth
. push the venom :
save for one particular day it was getting late (i think it closed early on saturdays at this point) and before my parents came and got me i decided to visit the drug store two doors down to have a peak at his rack toy aisle (anyone else noticing a disturbing pattern with me?)
she added “…i believe in communitybased politics and because i know from public health that communitybased action works best. when it’s clear we’ve wrongly trusted our national government to defend our rights you are the right council and the right people to take that action. you’re who i can reach.”
the usps thought it was broken. (i forgot to take a photo of it i will post a photo of the card with
ok so they finally changed the light bulb over the men’s sink at work on monday. not bad only a week later. it was so dark in there i washed other people’s hands by mistake. i hope they don’t report me to hr. the new bulb seems brighter. well yeah brighter than the bulb being defunct but i mean brighter than when a bulb existed. now instead of a flashlight we need sunglasses. perhaps my brightnessopinion is a little off because it was dark for so long. by the way i really didn’t think i’d have so much to say about a bulb at work.
once you've negotiated that minefield and you've got kids at your house there's the party games. to be specific passtheparcel. nowadays the host (ie a frantic mum half an hour before the party) is expected to wrap enough layers for everyone to get a chance to unwrap one. then this farce is strictly controlled by some seriously excellent timing on the stereo by a very stressed out dad. each layer must also have a prize in it. c'mon people life isn't fair this is the time we are supposed to be teaching our kids about sportsmanship it's not whether you win or lose it's how you play the game etc etc
i got one complaint with this album. is it one of his best works? hell yes. some critics consider it better than the more popular purple rain. it’s even more raunchier than purple rain. on purple rain the only thing you hear is about some woman masturbating with a magazine. on you hear prince saying he wants to fuck the taste out of some woman’s mouth. even “little red corvette” is sexuallyoriented. the song isn’t really about a car. it’s about intercourse with an extremely experienced female. so what is my complaint? many of the songs are too damned long. they just go on and on and on making the listener wish they would end already.
and though i know i was trying to keep an expressionless face i can’t help but feel like i smirked.
and dawning grace is op'ning on my soul:
abby has been such a sparkle in our lives. while i may be just slightly biased i honestly think she is the most smiley baby i have seen. she is always smiling and laughing. she is so happy and gets excited about the littlest things she is kind and says the sweetest things like "thank you mama" and "oh my goodness" and "i sorry mama" (even when she didn't do anything wrong). she likes to sing and spin around and dance. she likes to be funny and make jokes. she loves to play with her sister and grace is really so sweet with abby. she is such a joy
we watched an animal show where a bear rode a bicycle and pelicans danced around. both evan and joshua were scared to see the animals so close to them so we left shortly after the show started. again the main attraction was my kids. everybody wanted to touch them and take pictures of them. a pregnant lady started touching joshua’s chubby cheeks and then rubbing her belly as to pass on his chubbiness and “health” to the baby in her belly. once the animal show was over a group of about school kids swarmed around evan and josh and started staring at them and trying to play with them. i thought it was funny but the boys got a little bit overwhelmed so we left the zoo without finishing the tour of the whole place. i don’t think we missed much but it was still interesting to see so many animals and watch the kids react to them.
tons of protein and it takes me forever to finish off one can because it is so filling. now these cans are a bit more expensive than the campbell’s stuff. one can with two servings cost about $ depending on where you buy it. but it is the best $ you will ever spend.
what about you all? what are some of the worst oneliners you’ve ever heard? and men – do these ever work for you? really???
about the author: in the s byrne fone phd began working in the new field of gay studies. at the city university of new york he introduced one of the earliest university courses in the field in which he is a recognized pioneer in the united states and later taught gay studies at the university of paris and at the cuny graduate school. his work in the field includes the largest and most comprehensive anthology of gay literature the columbia anthology of gay literature as well as a study of early english and american gay literary history in a road to stonewall: homosexuality and homophobia in british and american literature (scribners). his book on walt whitman masculine landscapes: walt whitman and the homoerotic text (s. illinois university press) explores both the poet’s homosexuality and how it is manifest in his poetry. his most recent study in the field is homophobia: a history ( holt and picador) which examines the history of homophobia over a period covering almost two millennia. in addition to this scholarship fone’s interest in architectural history led him to write historic hudson: an architectural portrait which is the first fulllength history of the city of hudson.
in addition to his successful career in music nas has pursued a career in motion pictures that began with his costarring role (alongside dmx) in ’s crime drama belly a film by director hype williams (with whom nas has done several video clips). subsequent appearances include albert pyun’s action crime thriller ticker ( with tim sizemore and steven seagal); carl seaton’s sacred is the flesh ( also cowritten by nas); a cameo as himself in boaz yakin’s comedy uptown girls ( with brittany murphy and dakota fanning); lawrence page’s murda muzik ( with ron artest and chinky); the fictional hiphop group biopic the vapors ( with an allstar cast of roxanne shanté kool g rap marley marl biz markie and others); and tv’s hit series hawaii fiveo.
cloud on the left with liquid pearl and the ones on the right with my gelly roll pen
take haiti as an example. before the black slaves revolted and killed all the whites and half castes haiti had a gnp greater than most of what is now the usa . it supplied % of all the sugar used in europe. today it is a wasteland. apparently if you google earth the place you see is a sere brown coloured landscape compared to the neighbouring dominican republic which is green and verdant. twice the usa has occupied haiti building roads ports hospitals and schools while putting in a functional society. the moment the americans left they reverted to dictatorship voodoo witchcraft corruption and barbarism. they did not stagnate they regressed to the primitive savagery of their forefathers
do you start that conversation or do you trust your partner to tell you if se is positive for something?
i was proud of myself for doing days of vacation (three wonderful vacation days on the river) on productonly. then yesterday my first day back at home was my worst day ever regarding optifasting. first i went with the threeyearold and my husband to an amusement park and i completely forgot to bring any product. we’ve been told we can drink a glass of milk to replace a shake but that didn’t appeal to me. so i got a packaged chinese chicken salad mainly lettuce and chicken and skipped the dressing. which wouldn’t have been too bad except there were almonds in it which i also scarfed down. my husband said “this looks like the beginning of the end” meaning once i’d eaten regular food i would be off product which of course was annoying.
pairing stevia with fruitegetable that have their own natural sugar equals the best results with baking. i have not had much luck using it in plain vanilla or chocolate cakeookies and pies. you can cut half the sugar with stevia with decent results though.
category: germanstyle sour ale entries
i will awaken the dawn.
have been longing to do a card like this for ages. i wanted it to look like a postcard and this is what i've done.
and they lifted many stones.
but i’m getting sidetracked. did i mention “batty”? yes? right.
eventually we got our new(ish) car. a renault megane scenic. it is a very nice car too and it gets us from a to b.
stalks
earlier dbkl closed the area after unconfirmed reports said that the police have obtained a court order today preventing the use of dataran merdeka for the rally.
“it’s ridiculous” said ramon saldivar chair of the stanford english department and author of the borderlands of culture: américo paredes and the transnational imaginary ().
peel all the garlic and in a deep flameproof casserole fry them in the butter with the onion slices for a few minutes without letting them brown. turn the guinea fowl in the hot butter till the skin is well coated then add the brandy and wine. cover with a lid and cook in a preheated oven at cfas for about minutes.
later in fabiana romero applied for an injunction and was denied.
lord king of heaven and earth:
let’s call the whole thing off
water is an intrinsic feature of this flatter lowerlying landscape beyond the edge of the town. a hairpin to cross the river to the south bank of the tillingham past a martello tower (now a private residence and inaccessible to the curious) and over the brede and onto rye harbour nature reserve crisscrossed with drainage channels. drizzle begins to fall from a drab grey sky beneath which sheep graze the thinnest of turf a veneer over the sandy stony soil deposited by the sea as it retreated southwards. the horizon is largely featureless: just a few trees. and in the distance the bulk of camber castle.
one doubts grayson's students would say they're better off for his arrest. one former student commented on the kxan site "i remember ian grayson from when i went to austin high because he gave me a hug on my last day there." another student declared "gotta love how they fire the best history teacher at our school because of something so stupid as possession. i guess an illegal plant takes more priority over a good education."
i want financial freedom.
i mean there’s feet of empty air and it’s just about an inch away.
. encouraging competition
yesterday's gone sweet jesus
worse yet she had to put some thought into what she was wearing for a morning show interview. i figure she went with the eagle motif to relate to the patriotic proletariat likely to be watching but it didn't work on any level. this is a shirt that might look good on a skinny something hipster. definitely not meant for a something aspiring flotus.
the leftwing socialist leader largo caballero had demanded in june that the workers be armed but was refused by azaña. when the coup came the republican government was paralyzed. workers armed themselves in madrid and barcelona robbing government armories and even ships in the harbor and put down the insurrection while the government vacillated torn between the twin dangers of submitting to franco and arming the working classes. in large areas of spain effective authority passed into the hands of the anarchist and socialist workers who had played a substantial generally dominant role in putting down the insurrection.
des replies matter of fact "of course...you're john locke."
average bosses buy into the notion that work is at best a necessary evil. they fully expect employees to resent having to work and therefore tend to subconsciously define themselves as oppressors and their employees as victims. everyone then behaves accordingly.
i received my gift from santa claus (s.c.) which consisted of a handmade friendship bracelet a ninjatown blindbox toy and a kidrobot munny zipper pull. i didn’t pull any chase figures but i was happy with the ones i got i still haven’t figured out what to do with the bracelet though. i don’t wear bracelets and i would have to permanently tie it to my wrist so i’m avoiding that option. i’ll probably attach it to my key chain so i can carry it around with me. also it completely flew over my head for weeks that steph my secret santa gifter had the same initials as santa claus. for the longest time i thought the initials on the note just stood for santa claus. convenient having those initials.
editor: “but this first sentence here… where you wrote ‘worship god’ and ‘honor god’ what did you mean there?
but for now you’ll have to survive on this simple drawing from my age of mythology series: bast and a sphinx. it’s not specifically one of the best drawings in the series buuut… it’s still mine so… bast was the protector of lower egypt and cats. cats were sacred in the egyptian mythology so bast (or bastet) really had something to do. in age of mythology she helps villagers and her sphinx making it a criosphinx and a hierachosphinx. all really strong versus buildings. enjoy:
meanwhile in the headwaters of dar alislam the saudi woman who had the grit to drive a car (verboten in the kingdom) has been jailed.
there are two of them (of the seeds we planted... hoping that's not a bad sign) just like this one but the picture i took of both of them was all fuzzy thanks to all of the humidity fogging up my camera lens yesterday evening.
next we'll break the upper deck first edition update. each pack boasts a "starquest" insert. i've been noticing with these first edition packs a pattern... every single one i've opened is a "common"... with other ud products i have seen a wider variety which leads me to believe that all (or almost all) of the first edition packs feature the common inserts. honestly this is not a product i would buy on its own.
secondly i want to present you with a great song by third day in keeping with our who you are in christ theme. i have talked about grace before and how it can be difficult to understand and accept sometimes nearly impossible; nonetheless it is crucial to do so. it is absolutely essential to living a successful victorious and effective christian life. grace is key. so without further ado i hope this impacts you.
how this all happens
when booksmart launches on your pc you are given the option to upload a word document or a series of photographs for inclusion in your book. you decide upon the trim size and format of your book and proceed from there. it is not hard to see that the textlackhite interior option has only recently been added as it has the least layout choices available. immediately the cover copyright and titlehapter pages are there but you can edit these pages to your own specifications. i chose simply to drop and paste the interior of my book in to the pages and play around with the fonts and styles. you effectively get all fonts available in word and the freedom to customise as much as you want or import your documents on to a themed template. what i like most is the flexibility it gives you. having said that using the copy and paste method seems to highlight some glitches in the booksmart software. you have got to be very careful with text ‘justification’ ‘centring’ and in particular words like ‘don’t’ and ‘martin’s’ where the ‘’s’ can often be separated from the main word and centring and justification can be completely lost. the real headache comes with artwork. something blurb should actually be strong with. the cover can be a nightmare if you have not selected the correct format you want with the book. booksmart does not allow the import of pdf document pages or graphics so every image has to come in as a bitmap or jpeg with a dpi resolution.
. bumpin' on sunset
anyway we’re going to bullet and quote the note by stephane deo justin knight and beat siegenthaler.
some characters in noh theatre are identified by their masks. those of the gods are fearsome and monstrous. human masks are more subtle in their design. in full light the masks appear to betray no emotion. just a blank motionless stare. but they were crafted so that an actor can hold his head at different angles and the lighting will portray a range of emotions – fear anticipation joy sadness – depending on how the light reflects upon the masks. people here are like that too. their expressions may not change yet neither can they be concealed. they are revealed by the changes in the light.
photographing hockey is one of the more difficult things i’ve tried shooting (besides little children who always want poke the front of my lenses). i recently shot two games for the oregon outlaws hockey club and had a blast. i was able to shoot from wherever i wanted which helped me in getting to areas people don’t normally see from in hockey games. i love shooting from the bench that’s one of my favorites. you do have to be on the lookout for flying pucks and sticks though.
 the lyrics criticize the internet culture.
the action in the film is top notch and exhilarating. every character gets a moment of exciting action that will get your adrenaline pumping. joss whedon’s eye for these scenes really gives the film a perfect momentum that all leads to the final battle in manhattan. without saying too much the last act of this film is nerd nirvana. you’ll want to watch it over and over again.
after using for weeks o showed zero allergies. thus it would definitely be a product i will consider using besides mustela.
when everything is cool i half the chicken stock and put it in two separate plastic containers covered in my refrigerator.
new studio
there are different waterfall hikes featured on the site and some of the hikes will take you past several waterfalls on one journey. if you haven't experienced some of these walks start adding them to your "bucket list."
our father which art in heaven...
and hear the crossing buzzer ring
they don’t know it yet but they inspired me to make some handcrafted mother’s day cards today thank you laurel and nancy
they’re all the stuff of trav s.d.’s tent show tetrgrammaton. three more chances to see it including the perfect day of all days: april fool’s day.
all books go through a stage of being a workinprogress. it could be rightly argued that they remain works in progress until the final edited version rolls off the printer’s assembly line. in many cases thousands of penned manuscripts every year never escape the perpetual status of a workinprogress. you could apply the same analogy to the state of the publishing industry at the moment. challenged by the developments in the digital print industry and growth of online retailers and social communities the publishing landscape in the past ten years has changed in a way we could never have imagined. likewise the business models employed for decades no longer provide publishers with the tools to navigate the unexplored landscape they find themselves in today and this landscape is also a constantly changing one. the traditional beliefs of the publishing industry that the book is a sole and sacred paper product for mass readership can no longer be the bedrock of publishers.
. not owning a car. living where we do owning a car would actually be a big expensive incovenience. i love the freedom that comes with not owning one.
i didn't have any vanilla pods either so i used a tablespoon of vanilla bean paste smells amazing and you can see the flecks of vanilla seeds if you look closely enough
einstein's general theory of relativity explains how gravity works. in the simplest possible terms mass causes space (actually spacetime) to warp. it's often pictured by imagining a stretched rubber sheet with balls of different weights placed on the sheet causing it to warp in different ways. at the same time the warping of space (spacetime) affects the paths bodies take as they move through space(time). think for example how your movement changes going over hilly terrain as opposed to a flat surface. physicists say that "mass tells spacetime how to warp; spacetime tells mass how to move."
cover was a nice surprise. i look forward to returning to try out their chophouse burger and seeing if they get local beers on tap.
i guess that's where i get my love of story telling. thanks for the laugh mom i wish you could blog you'd love it
so join me in raising a glass to the lowly blogger. may your laptop hold its charge and your spell check never fail.
“you two beat it then” the tracker waved his hand in the direction opposite the hospital.
*finding new blogs that speak to me
rinse your chard and cut off most of the stalk (leaving a little bit there for crunch factor). cut your chard into inch pieces and put in a bowl to be ready to add.
here's the recipe it comes from my cousininlaw but i've adjusted it a little.
well i've been trying to get my home back in order and thought i would show you my mantel.
 directly
when you left he felt a bit sad. however you comforted him well. he noticed a note on the coffee table on a folded piece of ripped line paper. he opened it up and this is what it read.
i remember it was conversation set to music and quite unlike any movie i had ever seen. i thought it charmingly lovely and could see it again over forty years later if i wanted to as it was rereleased in .
my kids will wig.
front squats – kg x kg x kg x 
well more or less.
q) what do you want right now?
so a few weeks ago we participated in pat's run. it is a . mile race with people.
i’m not saying that we don’t need any communication or cooperation. but there’s a growing trend of an overemphasis in “team work”. susan mentioned in her speech “madness of constant group work”. this is exactly what i have been through in my university. admittedly it does benefit me — it teaches me how to deal with difficult people and how to mitigate conflicts within a team. but we also need some space for contemplation in our lives. i object to economic courses adopting too many group presentations. the presentation method is essentially more suitable for the business context. by definition it focuses more on how ideas are presented instead of how reasonable and deep the thinking behind is.
was not a formal movement with a manifesto of rules and regulations. it was more an instinctive coming together of artists who wished to express themselves by using bold colours simplified drawing and expressive brushwork. 'les fauves' simply believed that colour had a spiritual quality which linked directly to your emotions and they loved to use it at the highest possible pitch.
bix beiderbecke is another early jazz musician that was not known very much in the public but he was highly admired by his fellow musicians. as far as trumpetornet rivals go the only person who was on par with him was louis armstrong. it's a real pity that bix died so early (in ') because he would most definitely influence modern music in a much larger scope if he only had the time. sadly alcohol and other various factors made him die young. but for our consolation he left us a bit of his music behind so that we may grasp a bit of his great playing.
and then we get: ‘if you are not the right person to deal with this letter please tell us and pass the letter on to someone who is.’ his grace is minded to respond that inflicting such an inquisition on an already appallinglypersecuted longdead archbishop is perhaps not appropriate. he could then ‘pass the letter on to someone’ he thinks might be the ‘right person’ wondering for how long he might string this out...
own finances but as she seemed so determined to take mine with them
i'm guessing by the chubby cheeks that i was close to two in this photo the carousel was always magical for me. of course the mary poppins movie confirmed my belief that the horses were magical i always waited for the time when the horses galloped off into some fantasy land where we were transformed into cartoon characters
also don't allow it to catch on fire. i wish i could show you the "after" picture but the table was 'seasoning' in my unfinished home when it burnt down. the only thing left was part of the side (circled) and even that's been cremated.
arizona diamondbacks jon
we went out and got her a glove and bat and batting t to practice. (of course the bat ball and glove are in pink) we played a few times but bekah can be a bit of a perfectionist and if it doesn't come easily the first time or two she wants to give up.
so yes before i get on to my candy woohoo here's my final card
"they got no bottle" no bottle no courage.
up all night
answer: i’ll let you know if i hear of one. even if they won’t eat it they can still snap off all the leaders or mar it in some other conspicuous way before determining the tree is not snack worthy (my poor poor prunus maackii trees will never be the same). stick with evergreens kid and you may have a chance.
on the morning of feb. a great fire destroyed the cupola of brooklyn’s city hall – now borough hall. the brooklyn eagle of course had the story ready in time for their o’clock edition and it dominated their front page.
have a great day and make sure you check back very soon...that sneak i promised you will be showing up any time ;)...
doggy aunts and uncles have appeared out of the woodwork. friends and family members keep telling us how happy they are that we finally have a dog. they sound almost relieved. most can't believe it took us so long. how could we live on a big ranch and not have a dog and if not a dog at least a pet of some kind? what exactly had been wrong with us? unbeknownst to us (but common knowledge to everyone else apparently) something big had been missing from our lives. suddenly kel and i by the simple virtue of having ike somehow became more human.
i finally spoke to husband about all the inner pain and turmoil i have. that i feel lost scared and confused with him not loved cherished and understood. i asked him to leave for a while so we can work on our issues separately.
next time i opened the trunk there were more droppings.
sitting in an airport lounge watching the planes land and take off takes you to the ‘future’ at least the one we would wish to have. i am not a ‘technology radical’ and i am deeply aware that several technological products have brought serious problems to people and the environment. but i cannot avoid being overwhelmed by the magic ambience of airports and everything that this may imply. because by taking a moment to observe things after making a step backwards i realise that i am in the situation in which man achieves things that i would just dare to imagine… and not only that but he can also bring it to a level of functional perfection proving that we have more potential than what we think. even though this ‘other reality’ is restricted in few thousands of square meters and outside there is the ‘real world’ with the many problems… at least when you are in an airport you feel that you have to ‘look up’ and you can do the world better. and hopefully we will in the future…
. child in time :
first i need to create a list of everything i want to do. everything. ever. then i need to break it into short term projects medium term projects and long term projects. she feels that this will help me organize my brain and prepare for when i actually get time to do side projects again. second i need to create a list of things i can do with my so on a regular basis to keep this connection going. i am to break this list up into free low cost medium cost high cost etc. then we have to decide how we’re going to keep this whole connection thing going on. i more or less need to figure out how i’m going to balance my relationship with my millions of side projects. and i need to stick to it. so needs to take priority.
so with threeyearold emma and twoyearold jax in tow we brought home baby justus. during that waiting period i pulled out the baby clothes washed and folded them and put them in his drawers. we had the infant car seat ready. we did all of those things that waiting parents do. i threw up less but i was keenly aware that justus' birthmother who had chosen us for her baby boy was carrying him all the while. when we brought him home we brought home our son and we could not have felt prouder of him the waiting was over. this was the part i knew how to do. the baby stuff.
lies in my throat are caught
we live without distraction
so i hate to boast but i’m actually having a good time so far all be it a bit bloody tiring. my eight year old daughter is watch a movie ‘bed knobs and broomsticks’ which is so old even i haven’t seen it (it’s got angela lansbury in it and she looks young). the boys are in bed and i’m for once getting to do a bit of blogging and it isn’t even .pm…
he wasn’t sure how buffalo woman died but speculated that she had been shot with a poisonous arrow because of a small mark. no arrow was found.
time for jack to put a stop to this farce and put pearce politely but firmly in his place. he owes that much to the club.
his skill the groom will prove.
the state capital to avert any
google the term “libyan prisoners released” to see the various news reports.
f founders breakfast stout () .%
and speaking of chicago (where the show takes place) i am the keynote speaker for the international antiques show on friday april th at : am at the merchandise mart. the lecture is sponsored by traditional home and i will be speaking on my book designs on film. for more information see the show's website.
what makes you run late: family
the epiphany
he singled out the marginal seat of hulu selangor as experiencing an increase of voters or a whopping . per cent since the march general election.
the other day i was asked what kinds of things were important to me and what kinds of things i was looking forward to.
bitter by henrietta lovell founder of the rare tea company;
while listening to the priest’s sermon about christ’s resurrection as the foundation of our faith girlie would sometimes whisper questions to me: “is he talking of historical or biblical truths?”
the other night we went out to dinner (finally i talked about that one in a previous post.) it was a nice meal. the food was good and i didn’t argue with him about anything. i tried to be a fun friendly date. i thought i did a good job. then we went home and were going to watch a movie. i went in the other room to change clothes and when i came back out he was talking to a customer on the phone. that’s no big deal you might say. yes it’s no big deal. but it is passive aggressive behavior let me explain. we go out. we have a pleasant time. we get a little closer. a passive aggressive person can’t have that so he has to do something to back away. you could say we were still “on our date” even though we had come back to the house to watch a movie. and he “interrupts” this with business that could have waited until the next day. i don’t get hurt by these things so much any more. they are just what happen in my life. but they are also what keeps the relationship from ever deepening.
and finally do you have any advice to give any up and coming or aspiring djs?
house bill sponsored by state rep. bonnie brown gives adult consumers the opportunity to sample up to one ounce of spirits during a scheduled tasting event. the bill passed the house on february and the senate on march . once signed by the governor it would take effect june .
chose to spend a summer living out of my car working fast food floating on different friends couches.
these are nicely sculpted figures but there are two things that might put some of you off purchasing them. first up is their height. although rafm describe this range as being mm scale the reality is that they are closer to mm scale. this means that they stand head and shoulders above true mm scale figures. i couldn't care less about a few millimetres difference in heights but i know that it is an issue that concerns some of you so be warned.
there was an asian guy he was flipping flapping slices of redtuna and slapping on each rice balls making sushi at the buffet of the yacht club.
but friends and relatives remain watchful if the yeshiva is to turn back on the agreement.
'scotland shall get her freedom but dinna worry there will still be highly paid committee jobs for those who please the new masters'
she argued with me yesterday that she could do all the things i do for her. there is no need of me to help her in any way. i asked her if she felt she could stand on a stool to clean windows clean the pool carry loads of laundry up and down the stairs and make the meals. “well i wouldn’t have a pool” she said as if i was completely daft. i thought that was so hilarious. but i said”mom i wouldn’t want you trying to cook and do laundry. it’s not safe. but she insisted that she needed no help. “i need to do what i can do” she said. “yes i know this is true. but the issue is that she really can’t do a lot.”
i had done a search on the internet for pineapple sorbet and even read the recipes in the manual that came with my ice cream maker but when i tried the most common recipe i found myself a little disappointed with the results. the majority of those recipes called for a simple syrup made of sugar and water and then mixing lemon juice into the watered down pineapple mixture. blah… it just didn’t taste right. so i made my way back to the grocery store for another fresh pineapple and some pineapple juice to try out my new idea i figured if you’d normally add a sugar syrup to pureed pineapple then it would probably not be much different to use juice instead. texturally it came out just the same as the other but it tasted so much better and had pure pineapple flavor i made some chocolate pineapple garnishes to go with my sorbet but feel free to use any chocolate you’d like with yours. like a drizzle of chocolate syrup... yum
perfect for digital art
consumption and retail will change. d printing an enabler of masspersonalization may threaten the prestige of brands. much as internet users became assertive creators of web . content consumers are likely to become creators or at least adaptors in the crowd manufacturing cycle. incessant crowd remixing of brand name items will at the very least dilute brands’ cachet. the crowd manufacturing cycle will at least initially be good news for consumer choice. the rise of app storelike libraries of printable objects will create a “long tail” of choice and availability – much as itunes netflix and amazon have done for music film and books.
level : mastery: +% weapon att: + minimum critical damage: +%.
the oak ridge national laboratory integrated data base for (u.s. spent nuclear fuel and waste inventories projections and characteristics) lists the following annual and cumulative production of plutonium in commercial nuclear power spent fuel (this is the same plutonium isotope the dod report cited above has been tracking for weapons production plutonium inventories):
erato stu released in 
so i'm so mad at all of you.
one cannot help but think about the berlin conference of when analyzing the london conference of that took place on march . it was convened by the same imperialist governments that took part in the meeting. africans were invited this time but the african union refused to attend. almost all african nations were absent. only tunisia and morocco sent representatives.
john
according to wikipedia godwin’s law is usually taken to mean that in every long debate on the web eventually someone brings up hitler or the nazis and that when this happens it means that a) there’s no point continuing the debate and b) the person who brought up hitlerazis is deemed to have lost.
monstersillains: cybermen cybershades cyber leader cyber king miss hartigan
creative currency is launching in san francisco starting with a hackathonstyle brainstorming event later this month. teams of tech talent community workers and social service experts will work to solve problems for a neighborhood with one of the bay area’s highest poverty rates. be sure to follow along with what unfolds over the coming months as wider circles of citizens take a direct role in solving community problems.
 stay friday saturday and get sunday free
h.a.m.s. have a mother society orphanage
) strength isn’t about forgetting your pain it’s about moving forward despite it. another thing i hate that people say is “forget about it.” i beg your pardon? forget about it? does it look like i like to wallow in my pain and stay upset (by the way don’t wallow in your pain. really don’t). to many people memories… and pain… is not something that they can just forget. their brains aren’t pieces of hardware that can easily be formatted. so don’t think that strength is the girl who forgot don’t think that strength is the boy who (as they put it) can ‘move on.’ strength is the person who wakes up every morning with a pain in their chest but gets up faces everyone every day and even when every step they take is a battle is a challenge… they do it. strength is never the person who can easily forget strength is the person that can look pain in the face and take a step closer anyway.
if once a person truly “gets saved” it is impossible for that person to “get lost” who is the person rev. : is warning?
the cyrodiil preservation league needs your help to save this most beautiful of the gods’ creations from going entirely extinct we need donations fast or there may not be enough time left
once again i have been privy to people say they are: unschooly unschoolish try to but freak out some people say i'm unschooling and some don't i don't care about the label...
highly unlikely to grow any further even shows signs of waning.
for the filling i mixed together blocks of cream cheese with about tbsp of raspberry jam and a handful or two of fresh raspberries. i stuffed each piece of bread with the filling before dipping it in an egg bath.
 teaspoon salt
our website is still under massive attack and keeping it online is causing enormous strain on the time and resources of our internet department. it could crash again at any moment.
second though veterinary professionals are in the business because they love animals they also have a job to do and the longer any procedure takes to accomplish the more stressful it is for the pet the owners and the staff. so in the back though your pet will be handled with respect and care it may not be handled with the same loving kid gloves that you yourself use. if the situation calls for it cats will be scruffed dogs will be muzzled.
 tbs raspberry jam stirred to loosen
wednesday deer back strap english peas corn and rolls
she's nearly all stripped down to nothing and we'll be rebuilding her basically from scratch. yeah. wish us luck. lol
thanks mom.
by the water
the box below is for challenge #. i used twinkle toes cartridge and once upon a princess. i stamped the face with pk princess face assortment.
luke tells us that immediately after mary was told by the angel that she was to be the mother of jesus (luke :) mary went “in haste” to the home of her cousin elizabeth who was also pregnant with the child who would be named john. when elizabeth heard mary’s greeting she pronounced a blessing on mary and her child (luke :).
in those thirty years they have had their ups and their downs. but they loved one another today as they did all of those years ago. you could tell it in their voices on the phone. and in their posts back and forth to one another on facebook. he looked out for her and she for him. they were “newlyweds” for the entire time that they were together and rarely ever apart.
but what’s the big deal?
so far the cayman islands has been the location of a around two dozen movies short films and tv shows including the blockbuster the firm as well as home grown director frankie flowers’ haven and of course who could forget the celluloid masterpiece that was the cayman triangle.
woman occupies a position all her own in the eternal economy of the creator; and in that position she is as truly superior to man as is he to her in his appointed place. woman shall yet come to her own exercising her rights and her privileges as a sanctified investiture which none shall dare profane. (james e. talmage)
this month's kit was packed full of inspiring summery papers and embellishments with samplings from pink paislee's indigo bleu and prairie hill collections and lily bee's double dutch. everything in this kit went so nicely together and it's so versatile i was able to make three layouts in one day that's pretty much a record for me
ashar: i don't understand. i am the one wronged. you cheated on me with with....i can't even take his name. i forgive you. you should be groveling at my feet.
there are a few things here that the lord has put on my heart to tell all whom will listen and it starts with being joyful always as god’s word tells us to do. how can we be joyful when we watch the news and we see the horrible things that are happening all around the world. how can we find joy in the pain and suffering that others are enduring…i say that we can find joy that we have lived to see another day and lived to have one more opportunity to bring a fellow brother or sister to the lord. look around christians the demand is great.
the business needs mavericks it needs streetsavvy people street fighters. it needs people who haven't had exactly the same background as the next guy. it needs people who aren't just pleasant white middleclass from a comfortable background. it needs people who did ten weird jobs before they started in advertising. it needs people who start out in the business in their thirties their forties or later. it needs people with different life experiences. the business needs to realise this quick before it gets too stale.
by the time they graduate students’ selfcentered attentions and energies should be applied outward and forward to a sense of social responsibility for the collective and common weal an understanding of the democratic experiment — engagement with their society their zeitgeist – because it will be theirs to inhabit survive and ameliorate.
as a matter of logic by finding petitioners’ cause of action as anchored on a legal right comprised in the constitutional statements above noted the court is in effect saying that section (and section ) of article ii of the constitution are selfexecuting and judicially enforceable even in their present form. the implications of this doctrine will have to be explored in future cases; those implications are too large and farreaching in nature even to be hinted at here.
pm – poolside happy hour & daily martinis
his resurrection. what we glimpse of
best moment of the week: taking anna to get pictures with santa (ho ho – as she calls him) spending the weekend with my inlaws and also getting to meet my new baby cousin ellie.
i did this lo in less than an hour and i just love it i love the picture of my sister and i and i love my sister annnd i love that this lo uses the current scrapbook circle kit and all of the new mme goodies tfl
we’d never had to deal with asthma before let alone managing it in a child with chronic lung disease. our first sign that something was wrong was when emma* came down with a cold she started to sound a little wheezy. so off to the doctors we went to be unable to answer the numerous question on her background medical history. we were so frustrated it felt like we were flying blind and everything was trial and error. within hours we were sitting in the emergency department at the local hospital. this is where we first realised how much time emma* must have spent in medical treatment. there was no fear from her she was so compliant even when it came to some unpleasant procedures. she would just hold out her little arm and sit and watch.
“the king will reply ‘i tell you the truth whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers of mine you did for me.” matthew :
at the free fringe no hardearned money is wasted. if you don’t like the show you don’t give (and often you sneak out early thus leaving an audience who is on the wavelength of the show). if you do like the show you don’t have to give either. some don’t. most do. the choice to give or not is always theirs.
“this particular thunderstorm developed over the northern part of wiltshire and then gradually over the next three hours that storm tracked through oxfordshire and into part of buckinghamshire before eventually dying out before it got to cambridgeshire.”
"i am therefore convinced that 'worked in the territory of india" means manufactured to a reasonable extent in india."
if not no big deal.. i won't waste your time and you wont waste mine. i dno't spend time in conversations with people who are not willing to make a concerted commitment to seriously listen; not cause they have to but because they want to.
democratic and republican legislators are now set out to go it alone with competing plans to cut the deficit and raise the debt limit beginning a highstakes game of chicken to see which side blinks first.
what i call “the pushbutton life”. this
check back soon to see who is on the other end of the phone and how one call can change our heroine’s entire life…
liechtenstein prince in showdown
leading the first maha mahal retreat is janaka ordonez whose traditional training from the sivananda tradition is modernized by the everpresent ocean he connects with when he surfs. through his practice of kriya yoga and knowledge of native american medicine janaka’s intuition and feel for the subtle working in the earth amplifies the energetic practice.
other times they want to see what the latest song is that’s been on my mind. even though they are often sad songs (see below) there’s always that cute picture of me to cheer you right back up. that’s the power of dog.
taylor enjoyed learning about the toilet
emily sighed happily eating her pancakes. “they call him my daddy.”
all in all it was a great birthday but now i cringe when someone asks how old i am ;)
smart companies however are aware of this conflict between carrying out procedures and try to remain nimble enough to be competitive. fads such as the 's japanese management techniques (e.g. quality circles) and this decade's lean manufacturing (also out of japan) sweep the industrial world regularly as managers strive to understand how to walk this balance.
you were lovely and went by way too fast per usual. i didn't get out of bed until noon. i did laundry a little bit of homework watched a little of the red carpet and the premiere of the walking dead (fitting as that is how i feel this morning. like one of the walkers.)
april of last year. the decision that came out last week is a massive one ( pages long) and delves deeply on each of the issues. scil the plaintiff is the owner of a large collection of songs and films. myspace is a social networking website that allows users to share music images and
i received this complimentary galley from the publisher and net galley for this review. all opinion expressed are my own.
thank you to livingbliss over at mental health food for nominating me for this award this touched me deeply. when you are able to inspire someone to stop and think or inspire someone to try something different to improve their life and someone takes notice of your efforts to make a difference in the world…it really is a good feeling. i hope that my journey in life is able to inspire that makes opening up my personal story on this blog worthwhile. : )
stand fast;)
. divider
pushing aside thoughts of alex
the cuomo plan promises that the industry will adhere to “state of the art” standards but who will be watching the drillers to make that true? preparatory to this new era governor patterson ordered that employees from the department of environmental conservation and then fired environmental conservation commissioner pete grannis when grannis sounded an alarm about the ffect of this on the department. (see: dec commissioner fired after layoff memo leak: pete grannis ousted after warning of effects of planned job cuts by brian nearing capitol bureau thursday october paterson stands alone in firing: governor's ouster of pete grannis as dec chief called "mugging of mother nature" by brian nearing saturday october and grannis and hydraulic fracturing: ousted dec head talks about future of natural gas drilling in america by marie c. baca propublica friday november .)
this is the placemat before it is quilted and bound i guess it is a flimsy placemat.
() produce their art and
we are already making plans for our next trip
the sites on which the five blocks currently stand will be earmarked for a mixture of different types of new homes along with a large site off loadman street in elswick. as part of wider plans for the area the former mary trevelyan school site will be sold off as a potential site for a supermarket while the cruddas park shopping centre and tower block will be put forward for a revamp.
max ackerson
cluttered with moths some tattered
the shop itself serves a variety of loose flower black and fruit teas with an excellent accompaniment of sandwiches wraps cakes scones and just about any other sort of wonderful treats to go with tea.
climatic extremes primeval geophysical activities and wild weather to wreak mega havoc in and beyond …
the first arriving company found fire and smoke showing from the main floor of the two story turn of the century house. crews battled the blaze with hand lines and initiated search and rescue tactics. a second alarm for additional resources was called as the intensity of the fire resulted in a collapsing roofof the primary structure and significant exposure damage to the adjacent house at s. ainsworth.
here is a blurry shot of his surprised but pleased spouse.
it seems that the lecturers’ leaders are worried that the formal partnership will damage the “university’s reputation” sorry lads but lmu's reputation was damaged last week anyway wrt the alcohol and sex ban nonsense.
beginning september tricommunity adult education's fall term begins offering all types of fitness classes.
* you’ve written several books under your own name and as gabriella poole how long on average do you take to write a book and do you ever have more than one project on the go? if you do have more than one project how do you divide your time?
please show the cockneys they are not alone. thank you.
i was pretty down on my luck with employment a long time ago….and im sure most can relate……. so i had taken a second job at …..dominoes …shaking head now……
great raw and nasty full speed ahead early 's hardcore...i recommend you pick up a copy of this lp before they are gone as who care's? releases tend to disappear very quickly and are very hard to come by...dave g.
once i heard about this i felt so strange like... 'if i speak to samurai.... ??? ' ummmmm i cannot imagine ... lol
 this giveaway only opens for us and canada residents only.
*** i guess that considering how not only the fanzine that i used to crank out but perhaps this very blog is named after an infamous mc song which according to chuck eddy "doesn't exist" i should respectfully note the recent passing of that group's bass guitarist michael davis due to liver failure last week at the notsoripe old age of . funny enough if i had told some old fogy back in the late sixties that a member of a radical longhair rock 'n roll act like the five would live well into his sixties i'd be more'n positive that this member of the silent majority would scoff at the idea undoubtedly thinkin' that all of that partaking in drugs 'n an immoral lifestyle would most certainly off the guy before he could hit twennyfive funnily enough many of those old fogies who used to sneer at the hippoids back then are still around and perhaps in some weird way think that davis got just what was comin' to him even if it was over forty years later just goes to show you that some things just don't change and you should be glad about it unless you're a dyedinnawood heartbleeder or lack the kinda sense of oldtimey values that i most certainly adhere to
key players: kenny boynton (. ppg) bradley beal (. ppg . rpg) erving walker (. ppg . apg) erik murphy (. ppg) patric young (. ppg . rpg)
light usage. if you look at the pictures you can see which one is more worn out.
here is a card i made using the sketch for the current challenge. i took the sketch and flipped it around for my card.
here's mum at the mooring in the late s:
trying to stop my selfdestruction
within about a week i had potato sprouts shooting up out of the ground and boy did they grow fast once they were out. using the information i had learned over the past several mistakes i began to hill the mulch next to the stem as the potatoes grew. this way the mulch provided a clean light proof area for the potatoes to develop and the soil was there for the roots. several weeks went by and the potatoes were growing nicely.
after hyspatia utters the words above her christian friend continues to plead with her to convert and save herself:
the dangerous dogs act is closed to being passed and it only names specific breeds….which is stigmatising them….and to the best of my knowledge all dogs can attack and maul a human and more likely than not it’s the owners who cause dogs to be dangerous. i think this act needs some adjustments for it to be fair all around as well as protect people from careless owners.
. peel the blackened skin and remove seed peppers. leave the stem on.
one of photography’s most honored axioms states: if your picture stinks get closer. and while this makes for a trusty guide for improving a shot getting close is only half the story. getting low and tilting the camera up can take your shots somewhere pretty awesome too. we’ve rarely seen these corollaries proven more forcefully than in this picture pair by german architecture fan philipp klinger.
a good basic and simple wardrobe will save you money in the long run when you have quality basics to rely on you will spend less money when you renew your wardrobe at the beginning of the season. often all you'll need are some updates with your accessories.
but these methods are quickly becoming obsolete. nearly % of all relationships now start online while a recent survey of baby boomers found that almost a third of new couples met on a dating website. eharmony.com alone claims to be responsible for nearly % of american marriages.
i recently set my facebook page on private prompted by a parent sending me a message thinking that his son shouldn't be reading my status updates because it wasn't helping him do well in school.
the battle raged on.
weep for me?
but the kids are resilient. the staff diligent. everyone is ok.
“it was not my intentions to doubt that the doctrines of the illuminati and the principals of jacobnism had not spread in the united states. one the contrary no one is more truly satisfied of this fact than i am.”
cena taunts brock but ends up in another arm lock on top of the steel steps.
even though at least half the songs are covers (albeit great ones) his own voice comes through. all you hear is one man talking to you about how life has been for him. magic.
“if you will live like no one else later you can live like no one else.”
soft cell bedsitter uk
c
mitt romney is confident he has the fox crowd or "true believers" now. he knows he has to expand his reach beyond the fox audience to women hispanics and independents. i don't think this is the way to get it.
this layout was put together very easily. i love that most of the papers already have embellished little alcoves. it makes it so easy to layer a couple of elements and create a full cohesive page. the chipboard accents that come with this collection are so awesome they're selfadhesive so it's as easy as popping them out and sticking them down. the little honeycomb stickers are my favorite. :)
. yusufali: he said "indeed ye have been in manifest error ye and your fathers."
for years cats have found their way to chez medlock.
the other groups which came were relatively tiny. the jewish population of britain is often used as an example of immigrants to our country ignoring the fact that jewishness in itself is not an ethnicity. there have certainly been jews in this country for at least years give or take three centuries of expulsion however the numbers involved were relatively small sixteen thousand souls when they were expelled in . even today despite being resident for over ten centuries and including those polish and lithuanian jews who are alleged to have arrived in such multitudes in the th century their numbers do not even match one tenth of the current official asian population (let alone the real asian population) and the asians have only been coming here in significant numbers for the last forty to fifty years.
we are facing a true moral inversion – a system of moral understandings turned upside down. where homosexuality was even recently condemned by the society now it is considered a sin to believe that homosexuality is wrong in any way. a new sexual morality has replaced the old and those who hold to the old morality are considered morally deficient. the new moral authorities have one central demand for the church: get with the new program.
turn on the food processor fitted with the steel blade and drop the garlic down the feed tube; process until it’s minced. add the rest of the ingredients to the food processor and process until the hummus is coarsely pureed. taste for seasoning and serve chilled or at room temperature.
. red orange or gold bell peppers; roma tomatoes .b. at sprouts (through )
the same thing happened to me once while listening to a young orphan in china play his small violin for a group of visitors. we had just heard the story of how he lost his parents and came to live in the orphanage. he sat silently during the story one tear sliding slowly down his cheek. then he quietly picked up his instrument and soothed himself with it. he looked at me and without warning a flood of tears rushed down my face. it might sound ridiculous but i felt as if i could literally feel his pain.
for whatever mood
it is sketch challenge week and my first challenge was to learn how to create the sketch using stampin up's digital studio. second challenge was to create the card from my sketch. so i say to you all... onward and upward and learn new things. you can make a card or anything else as long as we can see the sketch in the project that would be good. here is the sketch followed by our design team members. oh by the way you can change the shape of the elements if you wish so if your main image is a square that's okay too. also we would like to again thanks judy for being a guest designer this week. thanks again for joining us.
dayna martin
in conclusion documenting my progress helped me keep my promise. i was able to read what other people were doing as well and this was inspiring. many people had a “weekhump” like i did efficiency and conservation are the keys of energy sustainability. iran niloofar naderi states that today’s energy supplied for us is the future generation’s heritage and it’s our duty to maintain it. he is right
she was young. she was articulate. she was pretty.
above that travellers are your source of information. they have been to other places and do not get tired to tell you about their experiences wether they were good or bad. listen to what they have to say and learn.
wie: in addition to being a scientist you are also a spiritual practitioner. could you talk a little bit about what brought you to spirituality?
you get seduced by the status quo. you think things are pretty good the way they are. you like it this way and you don’t really want anything to change. when i was a young pup starting out in the semiconductor industry we called this state of being “fat dumb and happy”. and after a while your progress grinds to a halt.
part of the pleasure of these racks is that there is no categorising. you cannot plan to go and buy any particular book. there can be no intention at all – whatever you find is a surprise. and that goes a long way to explaining the pleasure of this kind of foraging. anyway i have purchased sei shonagon and i do hope that wherever she is she does not miss the royalties she is not getting by the act of my buying second hand.
according to the explanation the methodology relies on "objective accessible data for describing patent quality." when defining the index the described method first selects and refines index factors (e.g. patent complexity prosecution activity). these index factors are then "tested" against a number of other factors:
it was nice to get back together again and even nicer to have friends
as the nba summer league is in full swing this is the time to see what all the fuss was about on draft night. very good first round players mixed with nd round non guarantee contract playing for a spot on their respective team’s roster. let’s not forget the unproven talents of bench players who didn’t get much play during the regular season. this is a great time to see whose got game and who does not. so after the disappointing “decision” of jabron lames this is a good change of pace and the future is looks good. here is the roster of the ny knicks:
le forum has an oldboys’ school feel with its scattering of comfy armchairs dark wood low tables and cozy corners. i loved the two old juke boxes in the back although took issue with what i found to be extremely unattractive carpet. (this certainly doesn’t affect the cocktails i just often wonder why both public transportation upholstery and business carpeting can be found in such horrendous patterns).
(that's enough music theory i think. any more and i'll show up my ignorance).
you figured that out.
there were quarter legs remaining in my refrigerator. decided to make them my source of protein for the next meals.
already the cause of pattison's troubles was being speculated upon:
i don’t know if this ball washed up or was left. i wondered where it may have come from if it had washed up. i began to analyze tides and currents but in the process of researching i came upon this. better than stinky potato sponges potato chips – in airtight packaging no less actually they’re corn but why be technical about it. that made me hungry so i gave up researching to get some lunch. i’m easily distracted. i didn’t edit the top photo but the bottom one i played with in colorsplash.
* some fitnessptional music workshops will be offered outside of these hours.
thus the felt flower scarf
the ‘masters of darkness’ are now trying their utmost to draw attention to joseph kony another demonpossessed warlord that’s been terrorizing the continent for goodness knows how long. where were these allpowerful ‘masters’ when the pandemonium and slaughter were in full swing? why do they always wait until the worst is all over?
she is a typical bully cannot sit still and has to check out every thing
when i pulled up in the tenpassenger stretch at a few minutes before : pm a knot of people was there already and my weren't they dressed
cross purchase agreement
application should be received not later than two weeks after the publication of this advertisement. please indicate the position in your application letter.
he knew not where to turn; and he was wise
* teaspoon lime juice (lemon works too)
the billionaires of america moved to palatial estates in the patagonian regions of chile and argentina to escape the radiation and the riots. they had sent their money overseas prior to the new madrid quakes because they had already been told that the dollar was to be devalued.
it's been a whirlwind of a week one where i think i've been home merely to sleep and then i'm off again the next morning and i wouldn't change a thing about it.
there it was. the start to a really messed up day.
eurostar are going to investigate.
so we lived according to his bachelor rules of frugality through my master's degree my couple of years working and his job change to the private sector which also brought a small bonus of stock options. nothing astronomic our earnings ... maybe we had two years in six figures as a couple. but we put most of it away or into assets that would hold their value or appreciate.
the guide is broken up into regions and provides detailed information on special places to stay in each region. each entry is comprehensively described and illustrated with tantalizing colour photographs of not just the properties but also the owners their families and their pets.
ink: versamark watermark memento tuxedo black (tsukineko)
 c fresh meyer lemon juice
right i'm off to finish an exciting project (for me) that i can't tell you anything more about until easter monday
i heard it later being attached by the cats.
 cup coconut water ice cubes (or regular ice cubes)
ponder this hope fed surmise. . . .
out comes ‘the extreme equalizer’ whiskey tango foxtrot
it's been an absolute whirlwind of joy.
putar: or was the cleaning of the streets at the time a different kind of ‘clean up’?
more into politics.
you see if we're to see a movie about shakespeare in love it has to be a fantasy it cannot be the truth because the man that everyone has thought for four hundred years was shakespeare the great playwright was not a playwright. this man had very little to do with the theater but pull down a small pension for the use of his name. he has left no story worth telling while the man who really did write the plays has a marvelous story a story which until recently has remained untold.
this is a compensated review from blogher and walgreens.
you can basically use any fruit you want. i just included these as guidelines. also the almonds add crunch and are a tradtional ancient greek food. you can however also use almonds. try to find raw orange blossom honey if you can to try to get the flavor as close to the greek honeys as you can.
we also passed through tianquan another town along the way where i read several generators have been built inside a nature reserve.
i was also impressed to see the escalator shut down automatically. like it has a sensor or something for things like that. a shoestring isn't even that big of a thing so it was good to see that the escalator has such a sensitive "off" button in it.
the situation quickly became really wack.
the allen group real estate
the movie does that for you. they choose who to respresent each character and they create the sceneries for the film. sometimes i am disappoingted when ‘my movie’ does not match the actual movie. this happens most often with the actors that portray the people from the book. i was truly worried about this with the hunger games. i think mainly because i had just read the book and also because i had no idea who the stars were. katniss is such a strong person and the actor portraying her had to be equally strong. they really got it right with jennifer lawrence. she was amazing
. “gosh what’s for dinner?”
i think people who really enjoyed this book had perhaps not read it before. having read it several times i wasn’t necessarily in the mood to just reread it. i had hoped for a story that would be more of a spinoff from the original work which this was not. i would only recommend this book to someone who really loves reading jane austen.
proof vests which to say the least is
a headache kept me home today and it turned out to be fairly interesting....
) there are some jobs for which my earth friendly so natural you could drink it distilled vinegar spray cleanser just doesn't do the job. the chemicals found their way back into my life for a brief moment. you will be glad if you ever come over.
 the ugly s dress that ended mid calf: cm off the length gave it a new lease of life.
i walk alone and my heart is no more
as she has done prior gaga again tribute late fashion designer alexander mcqueen. it’s vividly clear in the beginning of the video when she is giving birth that the scene was strongly influenced by mcqueen’s final collection which featured feathers mock scales and faux wings.
after she fixed herself a scotch my mother sat down next to me on the porch steps. i curled into her embrace. "he's just cooling his heels" she said. "don't worry."
i had noticed david’s portraits up at the cannery some time ago and eventually one followed me home. shortly there after i got in touch with david and he shared some photos of more his work and his artist statement which i’ve attached below.
and in your little selfdefensive diatribe about all the troubles you've seen i don't recall you mentioning mitt's student loans that crippled him with over $ in debt before he ever saw his sheepskin or the pell grants he had to take advantage of the same pell grants on which many millions of college students have had to depend to have a prayer of paying down their tuition the same pell grants that your antifreezeblooded lunatic of a husband would love nothing more than to abolish and replace with paul ryan vouchers.
the jealousy of frogs can just suck on a lemon
the guy was a legend a twisted freak whose literary voice was as singular and disturbing as just about anyone else in the game. shit the dude's actual voice was pretty fucking scary too.
rob kardashian started with a lacklustre waltz. it was slow and pretty but i think by the end he lacked the focus to keep his carriage and lines in full form. the judges though were not so harsh giving him all ′s to start with. his freestyle was a real tribute to cheryl burkes genius. it started off graceful and ended with booty shaking and energy. it was definitely a culmination dance… a dance that showed rob’s transformation and skill level. like at a recital you give it your best shot…and that’s what rob did. kudos to cheryl it was a great freestyle with tons of great moments and super high scores.
i like looking at things that are moving that’s why i like staring out of a window of a moving vehicle. i like to watch the colors blur as the car i’m in speeds through everything. i especially like the windows of busses because i’m elevated and i see everything.
in conclusion an enjoyable piece of short fiction with a steamy concept but i’m definitely more excited about the fulllength novels that both authors plan on releasing later in .
passion called and i would blow it.
so yesterday i was moaning about how i totally forgot about halloween and ended up not reading a halloween appropriate book this year. well the book gods must have heard me because yesterday afternoon charlaine harris’ new book a touch of dead arrived at my doorstep.
all dogs go to heaven so goes a movie title. i think there might be a grain of truth in it after seeing some canine parishioners in various churches i have visited. they gave the phrase “faithful as a dog” a literal spin.
does abandonment fit in there?
a team of human rights activists led by advocate mili chowdhury visited the spot. their organisation will help the victim file separate cases against the culprits mili said. kasba police station officerincharge (oc) md jahirul islam khan said they would take appropriate action if the victim files a case in this regard.
unraveling incognito.
peter is one of my least favorite typical colors of horses (medium colored nondescript bay with no markings) but he's got a cute face and i bet he'll get a nicer coat once he gets some good food and grooming in him.
and discovered the wood work and silversmith workshops. i’d find any excuse to turn objects on the lathe or make pieces of jewelry.
after dinner we clean up the house the boys usually have to clean up their room so i will clean the kitchen and pick up the living room. and i will try to do any breakfast prep for the next day.
"anthony bada?" i asked showing her what i'd written on my steno pad.
well we all know that the socialists in the labor party are going to do nothing of the kind because (duh) they’re socialists and their dogma forbids them even to contemplate the thought of a free and armed citizenry instead of a docile and dependent society.
so if i get all this done....i'm going to have a backyard bbq. i can see shopping for paper lanterns and lights next. :))))
it has been a long years of trying to move on.
in the past unregulated capitalism has led to horrendous treatment of employees massive pollution and in this day and age a recession that is teetering on the brink of a fullscale economic collapse. the evils of unregulated capitalism is a great look at the issues surrounding this topic. if unregulated capitalism works then please please please show me one example of a developed country in which this has been a success for more than a few decades. just one example. you can't. because humans tend to be greedy and powerhungry people don't make great decisions for the entire society. the past years have proven this.
glassware is the other decorative element that goes hand in hand with the côté sud look. i don't think i thought much about glass before provence but in the last twelve years i have become very fond of it in every shape and form. very pretty glassware is sold in the local boutiques and there are many vintage pieces to be found in the weekly brocantes. glassware dresses up our interiors....especially on table settings where the light bounces and plays with the surface.
steve “silk” hurly jack your body us
mrs pickles from mrs pickles garden has a great blog...you should check it out. not only great quilting and sewing but lots of gardening and cooking tips as well.
henry jaglom: yes. dennis and i had the same kind of deal. i acted in his film the last movie. i got sick during the filming though. i couldn't take peru and couldn't take the altitude. dennis of course did my film tracks. which i still think is one of his greatest performances it shows the real trauma of being dennis hopper. it's also the first movie to examine the aftereffects of vietnam.
wanting to get out for a shoot today but its been raining constantly and its getting late don't know if its going to happen.:/
i think that we're definitely seeing the "coming soon" fabric sneak peaks much earlier in the production process with a long wait for those of us who want to buy it retail. this can be a good thing and a bad thing sometimes it feels like an eternity until we can get our hands on it i'm loving the involvement of more men in the craft as fabric designers quilt makers and bloggers they bring a different design aesthetic and create great products.
my tendency towards vulgar language when i'm upset.
krewe of thoth: named for the eyptian god of wisdom (he invented science arts and letters). to me letters means the written word or books. you know i had to love them. dates to before my time.
from the hollows i feel imprints of falling away
despite all of its darkly romantic notions bugging out presents far larger issues than staying put. i have tools vehicles defensible structure multiple firearms ammunition reloading capabilities food clothing.....resources.i'd much rather stay live uncomfortable for a time fight when and if i have to than runfightsurvive.
najib claimed that rm. billion needed was “not substantial compared to epf funds”. he further added that “the scheme does not undermine the interests of the epf because the value of the housing units in the market is far higher than the purchase price… if a buyer is unable to or does not repay the loan the unit can be sold for a higher price.”
how about a bright & cheery card to start things off?
package orders
heat oil in the pan and add cumin seeds when it starts to splutter add onion spice paste and fry for minutes until oil starts separating. to this add turmeric powder red chili powder coriander powder garam masala and fry for minutes. then add cashew yogurt paste and salt and cook for another minutes. to this add milk and bring it to boil. to this add fried paneer and mix everything to combine well and switch off the flame. garnish with cilantro leaves.
of such a simple thing.
chapter : adding in human workflow
perhaps your marriage hasn't been touched by pornography and if so that's wonderful. but i still encourage you to read on because porn is so prevalent and we have to understand it just to help our husbands and sons as well as our friends who are going through this trauma.
here are some i thought of (with a little help from my twitter friends). i haven't read them all but i'd like to. so many books so little time...
i received jacob’s results of the evaluation that dr. wilkinson performed on him. pull up a copy from jacob’s records review it and then i would like to know how you can justify the three years and counting that has passed with no long term strategies in place to help my son succeed as a pbc student. jacob’s evaluation includes words such as “significantly below average” “functional weaknesses” “low average” “functioning in the below average range of intellectual ability” “may be expected to occur in only % of the normative population etc.” and then there is my favorite part of the revaluation one of the final recommendations stating that “further assessment should include…”
i'm also going to try to use more fresh fruits and vegetables. to soak my beans instead of opening a can. to plan ahead so i'm not stuck pulling out the frozen pizza at the last minute.to cut down on the amount of chemicals in my kitchen (i suppose i should start in the most obvious place by kicking once again my diet soda habit. shhh... don't tell emily)
soldiers young and soldiers old
irrational fear #
time spent now representing a collection of moments that at once were both exhilarating and anticlimactic.
keeps for a week in the refrigerator.
and to think....since i have chosen to homeschool my kids i've actually been with them pretty much these years. how could time still feel as though it went by too fast? truly it's a mystery. i just love my two teens so very much
charles b. sumner general agent of the cunard line in this country said tonight that he believed the carpathia was within of miles of the titanic when the big ship struck the iceberg. sumner who had tried vainly to reach the carpathia by wireless during the afternoon said he had no way of telling where the carpathia was at this time but thought it was steaming for new york. it might be within the newyork wireless telegraph zone and able to send messages late tonight or tomorrow morning he said. but added
sharing. commiserating.
pretty please...could you add it to your blog?
it sounds so much like today. inflation cannot be stopped. prices are getting out of hand. housing is a great problem. recession is a threat. health is an unsolvable issue. people are losing control of their own emotions. bloodshed is a daily occurrence; strikes riots and demonstrations depict our social behaviour. many are in despair. to all of this the lord shouts “ye should have hearkened unto me.”
now add in the duties that are attached to the products that pubs sell (and enough of this has been written here and elsewhere) and any reasonable person would start to ask 'why are pubs so disproportionately taxed?' no doubt the answers will be that pubs use more resources such as the police and do more social harm as purveyors of the demon drink. but hang on aren't we already paying for that with duty? won't some of us be paying for that with the late night levy?
god chose me for you and he chose you for me.
but most of the food is in cans so i think it should be okay.
paper crafters library has a challenge that i kind of liked so here is my sample :) i basically followed along with tracy's i thought it was really pretty.
about the brain. a queer rumbling
slightly stoopid @ noon
when beth lamonte rents a cottage on the coast of maine she wishes only to withdraw and paint. a mysterious ball of light disturbs her peace and leads her to a secret beach where she finds the diary of a girl who disappeared in . now beth is on a mission not only to bury her own past but to put to rest the spirit of firefly
what do you think is the most successful way to get your pieces in front of a readytobuy consumer?
it all comes down to simple principles.
caution not to compare the two it's hard not to get excited about a new option
there will be many other stands at this event including hypnotherapy angel card readers reiki rolfing mediums tarot card readers past life therapy and much more.
the corrections and challenges that you have to do should be of some substance. imagine that you observe a person completing purchase orders but not signing them before turning them in. for a number of reasons the signature is an important part of the process. when you discover that the signature is missing you try to determine who created these purchase orders and reinforce the need for their signature. you are either able to identify the specific person who failed to sign them and can talk to them one on one to correct their mistake.
for today's post i give you the ex's the spanish revolution double ". those who know the ex can probably already attest to the beauty of this release but i'll get to that in a minute. first i want to talk about the revolution itself. it was a pretty special thing; it's not every day that ordinary people come together to create a relatively wellimplemented anarchist economy and society. if you just want to take free music without learning anything cool or if you're a spanish revolution historian jump to the bottom. the overview is a little lengthy.
i listen to beautiful music
not shockingly new belgium brewing leads us into the top craft beer producers in . whether or not you like their yearround offerings you have to admit that new belgium has an impressive lineup of sours and their lips of faith series is constantly experimenting and pushing new things onto the market. while not all of them are necessarily successful some are excellent beers. i'll drink cocoa mole like there's no tomorrow. and of course we have to give them props locally for hooking up with chef tio at julian to blend an exclusive sour beer.
reading my story to the family was so much fun. i love reading out loud to people and making them laugh. the format in our writing group though is to pass around printed copies of our work for people to look at and give feedback on. i like this style too and by doing it this way we are able to get through more works than we would if we let everyone read out loud. but just this got me to wondering how many people out there like sharing their work actually enjoy the drama and emotions of being able to put your own voice with your words. to have the ability to tell the story to others the way you wrote it? how many of you absolutely hate it and would rather have your nails pulled out by the roots than have to speak to the public? how many of you have a hard time sharing your work at all? i do this for fun and am very good at taking criticism so it doesn't really bother me at all. i do my best to learn from my mistakes and become a better writer from it. i am not depending on my writing for a sole source of income. i can see where it would be hard for others though.
news flash: running isn’t cute. and if you’re doing it properly you should never look cute while doing it. you shouldn’t be smiling and waving at cameras. you shouldn’t be wearing make up. you should be running til it hurts to stand and looking like you’re about to puke. you should take pride in that. (i haven’t accomplished much of anything in these miserable years i’ve graced the planet with my equally miserable existence but at the very least i can say i have crossed a finish line staggered two feet then puked. and i take pride in that.)
as such it is usually painfully obvious to onlookers. those who lack the mental furniture to detect it are exactly the type of supporting cast that anyone looking to achieve happiness does not need yet deserves and will get. nothing attracts more stupid like stupid as we observe in the case of the insane clown posse.
absorbed in nothing but yourself
in such an eventuality no particularly careful analysis of the process of deislamization would be necessary. indeed the main problem would be determining how to restrict the measures brought to bear on muslims to the minimum necessary rather than allowing a resentful population to create great suffering for millions. however though political parties explicitly opposed to the islamic penetration of their countries have started to become more visible presences on their respective domestic political scenes it is hard to predict a rapid change in attitudes towards islam on the part of major political parties and thousands of influential people in the media and academia. the sheer magnitude of the intellectual and emotional investment in their current stance visàvis islam prohibits it.
was the system of joint family better than this new age nuclear family system?
wellman was both screenwriter and director of this bittersweet romantic drama and it was the only movie he actually won an oscar for as a writer. (wings won the firstever oscar for best film but he didn’t get the best director award.) the basic story is a reworking of george cukor’s movie what price hollywood? () which i’ve just reviewed on this blog where a young actress makes it to stardom while the established star who helped her up plunges into alcoholism and despair. but it feels very different – partly because the earlier film was a precode and could get away with more in some respects but also because of the personalities involved.
i also used ranger dabber paint in gold to ink the edges of the torn paper
anyway i also have a photo session planned with the lovely maddy of mad hearts photography... i just need to finally settle on a date for once i love her work and would like to gift myself some photos of me since i'm in the prime of my youth but between work and moving i just have not got around to it. but if you would like a nice photo session at a super reasonable price contact maddy she has a great eye for her work
when all you hear is the snores of a mistake
short answer: yes (to be safe)
“compared that to the sale of sarawak state land where there is no open tender.
“i don’t know how she was kidnapped.” grayson grasped at ideas falling upon any and all possibilities that sprang into his head. “she could have been abducted on her way to or from church on sunday.” he remembered the tunnels. “her abductor must have been watching her.”
unguarded was actually a surprise to read. tracy wolff’s summary on the back cover was very general but as you start to read there is something not right with the main character and then you find out…
its revenues rose % to .bn euros while its average income per passenger increased by .% to . euros.
all of our purchases were at target. i just love target....they never let me down we were able to get everything we wanted to help warm up the space.
. phasing out property taxes for farms and businesses.
it's okay to mix it up and adjust things as your life changes. what worked last year might not work so well this year. heck maybe we'll do power until school is out and then px in the summer when schedules are looser. if you're finding it increasingly difficult to find time or you're plateauing try something different like a different program a different time of day whatever. because the goal is to keep going and sometimes a simple adjustment can make all the difference.
this week stampin' bella provided us with a sketch. i made a square card this week.
“listen to yourself ma you’re saying you’re content with the fact that the town believes dad is a murderer how could you” i was fairly screaming.
soon i will be celebrating my one year anniversary here at trinity health. i am truly blessed to have my current position. ironically my old position at the hospital was never truly eliminated but everything happens for a reason. it was a good career change. i have excelled in my role and found solid footing here at the office. so given my upcoming anniversary i wanted to repost an entry i wrote when i initially landed my job. hopefully a job seeking reader will be able to extract some helpful information as they travel their own course towards employment. good luck. and god bless.
protects itself from us
i will finally have time to be in my studio and work on my paintings rather than having to be stuck to a office job although i'll still be doing some consulting work i'll be able to work on my paintings for longer periods of time and have the luxury of drawing and even producing some prints as well.
it’s a secured facility.
it’s still true though.
to match the mood and action of the book. fifteen year old lindy’s family have been rocked by the death of two year old jemma. mum doesn’t get dressed anymore and sits round all day drinking dad spends his time in the bookies the two older brothers are in prison and nine year old sean nags for food. vulnerable and lonely lindy thinks her cousin colin has come to rescue her. but she soon realises he has trapped her into the shadowy and dangerous world of international drug dealing. lindy is terrified she will end up in prison like her brothers. support comes from a surprising quarter fellow misfit fifteen year old karl who is mute. but karl is resourceful and intelligent. together they embark on a desperate path to ensure lindy’s freedom.
tuesday morning…another cold one it is staying in the °f or lower at night – today at a.m. it’s up to °f – whew heat wave
crooked creek complex fire nm
christian families threatened with lynching in indigenous communities within a day trip from my home. this includes children. persecuted for their faith not the lack of it.
wynton kelly – piano
after feeding the kids dinner i’ve never seen a two year old eat so much nor a five year old who could talk so much bathing and quiet time bed time finally came for their first night with us. i’m not sure who was more exhausted them or us. it must have been so hard and confusing for the kids wake up in the morning in one house and go to bed in another house of complete strangers.
for i'm to be queen o' the may mother i'm to be queen o' the may."
for they share a similar fate
we have proven that a small group of international bankers have seized control of the planet and its resources. their plan has been in place for years and was followed with ruthless efficiency.
the good food awards celebrate outstanding american food producers who push their industries towards craftsmanship and sustainability while enhancing the agricultural landscape and building strong communities.
given the crisis in affordable housing and the number of families in need chiodo said james hoped that the affordable units at dekalb be skewed toward larger apartments. "ideally i would like to see a mix of % studios % bedroom % bedrooms and % bedrooms" james said in a letter submitted to hfa.
this nazis are right wing is something that needs to get put to bed once and for all.
i had a pretty horrible day today. work was boring i was late to uni and to top it all off i didn’t get a job i was hopeful about. so i did what any good female does; a little retail therapy. or in my case; shoe retail therapy.
*hadeih…
entangle you and me
let us remember that you are the true reason for christmas.
i mean yeah it’s an online blog.
israel wanted obama to give iran a red line not to cross. i would argue he did. “i made a commitment to the american people and said that we would use all elements of american power to pressure iran and prevent it from acquiring a nuclear weapon.” that isn’t what netanyahu wants to hear. as noah pollak incisively tweeted — yes yes snicker to yourselves but he’s right — the israelis want iran not to be able to produce a nuclear weapon. obama did not liquidate the disagreement.
paired with terlato family vineyards pinot grigio russian river valley 
one thing that i learned from ma is to let go. she never held us captive emotionally or physically. she also gave us power to discern.
the winner will be chosen at random from a magical hat. ;) this giveaway will end on friday february rd. please leave a way for me to contact you in case you are the winner this giveaway is open to my international friends too. thank you in advance for entering
that was the treatment metedout to people on death row.
yes it’s tommy this an’ tommy that an’ anything you please;
ok so much for all that alliteration in the title but i had to get focused on "b"s because catered crop is half way through its "letter b" challenge and i want to enter this card. "bear and butterfly buddies" seemed perfect. here's my card and then i have to tell you about the the gal who drew the digi and how you can get it as a freebie
one good method to work your way to linguistic talent is to develop a friendly relationship with books. i’ll talk about this next time. books are friendly things: they nurture you in the arts of using language demanding no more gifts from you than an ability to flick pages – and best of all they do all this without sticking labels
i woke up yesterday in a pretty gloomy mood. went to get my blood drawn and kept having these thoughts that i had just been there a week ago with such a radiant smile and glowing heart because we were actually pregnant now i was going back to check how my beta was progressing down…or apparently up
a man is palms
then there are the recessed canned lights in the kitchen. over a year ago i decided to replace a bulb while b was out of town. we have one of those super long extension rods with special light bulb attachments. i used the nifty springloaded one and when doing it i ripped the can right out of the ceiling. our ceiling is feet high so you can imagine how easy that was to fix. we didn’t even try to con anyone to come over to fix that for us. we were going to have a handy man come out to fix it but never got around to it. of course every time my dad was in town he’d mention it and tell us to fix it. (why do dads always feel compelled to tell us what we need to do according to them?) another canned light burned out in the kitchen last week – so we had two to replace and one can to fix.
so i pulled in to the cemetery. we walked around and we approached myrtle’s girls first. i pointed them out to my wife. emma and myrtle’s other “infant daughter” with only one date on her headstone. then i introduced her to myrtle. there was a resounding “ohhh.”
it made a wonderful dinner that night just with mashed potatoes and rocket garnish to soak up the gravy and cold it was the star of salad the following night. i pulled the last of the flesh from the carcass and boiled the bones for stock then froze the lot for a final future feast from my birdy of risotto with wild mushrooms.
doctor salary ( more than six digits )
i will post pictures of the finished articles.
talking about not answering the question so in senator santorum's world he's just been informed that the taliban the haqqani group or lashkaretaiba just took over pakistan's nuclear facilities in waziristan and he's going to depend on deposed president musharraf to help us out? "quick get pervez on the phone.maybe he can put together a countercoup."
and i'm sure i'm missing some (probably many) other terms.
the british freedom party is just over a week old.
while the grill is preheating make the chipotle cream by stirring together the remaining tablespoons cilantro remaining teaspoon salt remaining teaspoon pepper sour cream lime juice chipotle chile and adobo sauce.
i ran to michaels to pick up a foam wreath... but they were all small and squared off like this:
stolen.
the president of the republic declares the state of emergency and repeals it in a decree taken at the council of ministers chaired by him with a two thirds majority provided that the decree is presented to the people’s assembly in its first session. the law sets out the relevant provisions.
oh and i hope there is lots of food and chocolate coming your way too.
which hops can now be sold “east kent goldings” is now protected under european law with a tightly defined geographical area and the hop varieties required to have the typical essential oil composition of goldings ().
the value investing school can have a big debate about the differences. the reality is the two stock picks are different and investors may be wondering what berkshire is going to be all about. solid blue chip or buy ugly deep value but we have to turn this around first investing.
in the ’s at our house the telephone was still a fascination. it appeared to be nothing more than a shiny black box with a rotary dial and long cord running into the wall. each hole of the dial except for the one and the zero had three letters and one number. our number was la. i couldn’t understand how the telephone knew if mother was dialing la or jb.
"man i so could..just fries and a drink zzzzzzz.. ha ha ha whoo i could fuck mcdonalds right now i am lovin' this"
bobbiejoe ordered a half serve ( pieces) fried catfish and two sides; one of mash and gravy the other of fried okra. hank went for the meatloaf with three sides; fried okra blackeyed peas and keeping with the mantra of trying food never tasted or heard of before also ordered a side of turnip greens. hank had heard elvis sing about turnip greens in polk salad annie and this was the time he was gonna try them. inspired by uncle lou we also ordered some sweet tea.
i realized today we both need to be nicer to each other. i think we got caught up in the bs and fell into a slump. if i’m going to insist you are nicer to me then i must make a point to be nicer to you also.
why can’t you sleep?
two stars bad date. he didn’t really do anything wrong we just didn’t have any chemistry. maybe he just wasn’t my type. i probably won’t answer if he calls.
the article was intriguing but john huerta’s thesis with all the details looked a bit scary or at least the kind of thing i’d need to spend six months on to really understand.
these dainty crumbly apple pie bites are a fairly healthy sweet pie option. inside they are basically mini apple pies minus the added sugar and on the outside a butterfree pastry case with heartfriendly olive oil and rolled oats.
papers: cream papers from pink petticoat as above; black paper by bo bunny;
may clip no. 
. “respect yourself and others will respect you.” – confucius
identify a solution. it can be toxic
“there's a lot of evidence showing that it's those of low socio economic status who bear a disproportionate burden when it comes to poor air quality” mowat noted. “so we know for example that people who selfreport exposure to pollution those who live within metres of a major highway and those living near point source emissions are all much more likely to do poorly.”
recently adventure found me. i never expected work to be as exciting as this. it was the closest i got to the “peace process.”
the keynesian notion that a government can spend its way out of a deficit is one hopes now dead. the roosevelt administration embraced keynes a british economist throughout the s and the result was the great depression.
shells
pour batter into prepared pans; sharply tap pans once on counter to remove air bubbles. bake at ° for minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. cool in pans minutes on a wire rack; remove from pans. cool completely on wire rack; remove wax paper from cake layers.
***do not forget to mention which category you wish your project to be considered when submitting your photos and project description***
hamilton leithauser and john roderick
gohealthinsurance.com reports that they found % improvement in productivity last year after they did away with the old accrued vacations concept. since hubspot implemented the policy the company has been ranked as the # fastestgrowing software company on the inc. . all these real world examples cannot be aberrations. it is clear that when employees are allowed to act and decide freely about their work environment they seem to actually put in more hours at work.
i wish them a lifetime of love.
the slow cooked scrambled egg in congee had a comfort food element for me that reminded me of that flashback scene in ratatouille except the asian version. i grew up eating plain congee called mwua in taiwanese or shee fan in mandarin. no i didn't use proper pin yin. really upscale comfort food is really good.
 wears size t in clothing because of her length.
how about love?
i learned technical things like how people can find me more easily how i need to use multiple skills and to develop personal branding.
i am bilingual actually if you include spanish which i am rapidly losing contact with then i am trilingual.
the school was designated as a specialist technology college by the dfee from september and this provided an opportunity to build on the technological investment that had been made. the name was changed from walker school to walker technology college from september .
e—expect your devotionals to find a home. don’t be discouraged by rejection slips. if your material is well written and you’ve done your homework publishers will take notice. be patient. it may take time but eventually all your pieces will find a home if you are diligent and follow these helpful hints.
cold soap is less trouble because it does not need to boil; the sun does the work of fire. the lye must be prepared and tried in the usual way. the grease must be tried out and strained from the scraps. two pounds of grease (instead of three) must be used to a pailful; unless the weather is very sultry the lye should be hot when put to the grease. it should stand in the sun and be stirred every day. if it does not begin to look like soap in the course of five or six days add a little hot lye to it; if this does not help it try whether it be grease that it wants. perhpas you will think cold soap wasteful because the grease must be strained; but if the scraps are boiled thoroughly in strong lye the grease will all float upon the surface and nothing be lost."
where are the fireside chats? the oval office addresses? with the click of a mouse the president can tell millions of people incredible stories of heroism and daring that are the standard — not the exception — in afghanistan.
i am extremely busy with my small architectural project and i did not have time for this. apparently the "red box" of death is making another round through the blogosphere. i want you to know i will continue to follow everyone but ....
.. philippines basilan abu sayyaf militants shoot three local soldiers to death in a surprise attack.
fuck knows. i think at the end of the day despite all of the above the only way it can work is if you believe it. but it's the same with all the other great motivations in life (love ideas expression). you can know all the rules and you can manufacture the perfect conditions in which to achieve them but in order for them to happen you must believe you are capable of achieving them. and that they seek you. and it's the believing in them seeking you that is the hardest part.
. have you lost weight in the past? if so what has worked in the past to help you lose weight?
tonight we're playing a show in bob's home town of rugby. i'm looking forward to that.
let’s face it. no one actually goes to the fair for any of that stuff. the real reason another genius decision i’ve made is that they all go so that they can ride on the mini train. it’s the main attraction i tell you. real steam and all. it’s amaze.
acts tells the story of paul and barnabas in greece and their different experiences with the “crowd.” in the first portion of the chapter the crowd are so enthralled by the works of god that they see paul and barnabas performing that they begin to worship them as gods. suddenly two verses later the crowd is convinced by unbelievers to stone paul and drag his seemingly lifeless body from the city this got me thinking about the “crowd.”
me: i feel somewhat hopeless about this situation… my mom was different on the phone yesterday. she is capable of more evil than i thought. and back to… “i’m fine.” they really are bad people. i’ve spent my whole life making excuses for them… painting a picture of a family that they are not. they are bad people.
narrator (off) hello bill. hello ben.
shorter title? "i'm going to go play in traffic now."
anyway here is a card i made for casual friday challenge. i tell you i cannot wait to start designing for them. just one more week to go :)
enjoying a three day weekend after a long busy work week. bitter cold came barreling into georgia on friday and hung around for saturday. i wanted a lazy day so i skipped heading out on saturday for my weekly shopping. will have to go by monday to stay on the plan. thankfully this menu plan keeps me with a short grocery list plus i planned for leftovers on tuesday when i head back into the office.
he doesn’t listen to me
it’s been a while since i last struggling to manually install php into my windows xp machine and when i moved to windows vista i’m no longer using php. microsoft have released a web platform installer (web pi) for a while already it’s a great installer bundled with lots of tools that we can download and install within the installer itself and have iis configure it for us
one injustice at the news of this death is that he never received the nobel nod like his two formidable contemporaries from la generación del boom gabriel garcía márquez from colombia and mario vargas llosa from perú the latter just two years ago. (méxico’s only nobel laureate in literature is octavio paz who received the award in .) this oversight however doesn’t lessen fuentes’s importance or even threaten his stature as a giant of letters. he was méxico’s greatest critic and ambassador.
in the lead up to the forthcoming elections the various party candidates have been carrying out the usual door to door canvassing to obtain the voting public’s favor. it was during such a canvassing opportunity last weekend that mp tim loughton and fellow conservative candidate andy barnes knocked on doors in barfield park.
"oh you need to check" mitchell insisted. "i'm sure i saw it while we were sitting there. and there's five hundred bucks in the front compartment. i'll send it right up to you fed ex. you'll have it tomorrow."
dragonforce have always been exceptionally good at two things: hypermelodic almost cheerful power metal hooks and guitars and drums so blisteringly fast that your fingers could start bleeding just listening to them. power their first release since and their debut with new singer marc hudson is chock full of heroic ballads facemelting solos and imagery so epic and fantastical that it might as well be painted on the side of a ’smodel van. the album certainly doesn’t explore much new territory and it’s not exactly dripping with layers of meaning and subtext but it’s a fun bit of frenetic escapist listening all the same.
we were all just talking and stroking each others’ arms and legs when one of the other girls declared:
are you freaking out about ? or how did you feel when that meter flipped? did you make any resolutions that stuck?
it’s just your point of view
anyway enjoy the pics (templates from epassportphoto.com)
and now for the colour independent and local brewers are reporting growth on average of .% yearonyear because they are enthusiastically investing in their brands which have genuine local provenance and are brewed in their country of origin in many cases just down the road from where they are being drunk.
"we find that there will be serious constraints for port elizabeth to meet the deadline" he said before stressing that the stadium in the southern coastal city was expected to be ready for the world cup.
i thought i would share with you my different hauls. there were just too many little items to post them one by one. if you have a question about something i will be more than glad to answer. so anyway i hope you enjoy looking
we *should* get our teacher assignment postcards in the mail tomorrow. the teachers dropped them in the mail today their first day back. for the past two years one girly has had her card come the next day and one has not. in case all cards don't come the school has announced they will also post the lists on the front windows at : tomorrow afternoon. meet the teacher is friday at :.
while i went during restaurant week ii my lovely dining companion and i failed to order off the restaurant week menu. i just really wanted an entrée for two and that wasn't part of restaurant week.
around twenty seconds in
we asked one of the experienced tea tasters how long it took to become proficient at tasting. he said "well i've been tasting tea every day now days a week for years and i think i am just now getting good at it"
while college acceptance is an enormous hurdle to jump school leaders said they know their job isn't done; they want to make sure the students actually attend.
hell it's some kinda lunatic following me.
less is more.
bray got off the mark last week when they won the five goal battle with ucd. drogheda were forced to settle for a share of the spoils in their goalless draw with rivals dundalk but did have to get the point having finished the match with nine men. good chance for both sides to claim a win.
we arrived to a hot and dry degree phoenix. got our bags and caught the courtesy van to the sheraton hotel which was just minutes away. our room was nice and faced the inner courtyard with the pool area. we went directly to the bar and had dinner: steak salad for me and a burger and fries for tony.
"i had the pleasure of spending a very cool afternoon with many of these young people yesterday and i can tell you that they are some amazing positive people who will have an impact not just on the state of hawaii but on the rest of the world" mrs. obama said.
but i did it.
renaming this post to open forum on dandelion salad.
she is tougher than she looks.
this weekend we will finally be ready to continue to the bookshelfabinet itself (not just the shelves) as well as possibly the spiral stair railing and the kitchenwindowportal.
now david having done god’s work for his generation went to sleep and was put with his fathers and his body came to destruction:
le vernis nail colour in april (available january )
i know when i am on the road i love snacks and he is constantly on the road so i scoured the grocery store for all his favorites and even some stuff that i thought he would like and put together an "on the road survival kit" if you will...ha oh and kirby also got him a card so i had to throw together something small...
is right in front of me and does now call out to me so i miss orange all day long
huntsman: people are taking my lawn signs
this morning i was driving back from a particularly awful car boot sale that would have made a street market in burkina faso look luxuriantly decadent. i don't what i hated most: the piles of used shoes that looked like something out of 'schindler's list' or the dewsoaked dvds of low budget horror films like 'satan's little helper'.
your sweet comments.
it comes from staying up a lot
 cup fatfree reducedsodium chicken broth
film theorists of the mid th century such as siegfried kracauer speak to the issues of living in a modern society where as we’ve heard before the question shifts from “how should one live?” to the more daunting and openended question of “how might one live?” kracauer says in a period when religion or ideology are not imposed upon the individual people become fragmented beings living in a weird abstractness. cinema can be a way to ground oneself to make sense of things in this new and orderless world. in siegfried kracauer’s “the redemption of physical reality” he suggests to get rid of this uncomfortable state we turn to cinema as it is a way to reach the full potential of the immediacy of physical reality. it’s about showing us what’s real what’s tangible. he applauds film for its ability to reveal truths that go unseen in daily life. kracauer is not necessarily saying that cinema is lifeaffirming because it feeds us a logical order around which operate; rather he values the way the camera can isolate objects and show them in ways previously unimaginable bringing back life into them.
road rage () – destroyed blackwatch tanks apcs or helicopters using a single hijacked tank or apc
i was baffled by most of the questions. (i can't remember many but wayne has posted some previous questions on his website.) luckily i was on a team with tanja jennings the librarian at wellington who has an astonishing knowledge of children’s books past and present.
i recently switched isps to (clear) and it was great at first but after a while it turned to crap. i did everything i could do to make sure the problem wasn't on my end and eventually i did too much. i keep % of my files in desktop folders and after fooling around with my registry my documents and desktop disappeared. i searched and found them in a temporary folder. i then copied them to where they are supposed to be and after restarting they're all gone. all that remains is shortcuts.
i’m probably going to either quit this blog or not post in it often anymore. evidently anything i say is going to be horribly misconstrewed into some twisted meaning that i had nothing to do with in the first place. right now i don’t want to live. i don’t want to be a part of society i don’t want to have to interact with people anymore. i’m sick of everyone’s lies. i’m sick of everyone’s deception. i’m sick of everyone’s plots plans and piles of bs built up so high that the truth cannot be heard.
going inside trees and kneading the knolls with the edge of your shins.
instead i will be writing something new. time moves on and it’s not good to keep rehearsing the past. some of it is best left as part of the learning process.
communication is essential to achieving a dependable distributed embedded system. designers of these systems are faced with several challenges in specifying the communication network. complex systems usually require some sort of shared media network. in this environment the designer must recognize the fundamental tradeoff that exists between the efficiency and the predictability of the network. given this tradeoff the designer must evaluate and select the communication network. particular attention must be given to the protocols which determine much of the network behavior. finally many error detection methods are available which are necessary to build a reliable communication system.
queen mary had intended for her own crown to be used by all future queen consorts but when she decided to break tradition and attend her son's coronation the new queen elizabeth had to have a new one made up. mary handed over the kohinoor and it became the centerpiece of the new crown. elizabeth also wore it for her daughter's coronation in as a part of the circlet created by removing the arches to the crown. the kohinoor rests in the queen mother's crown currently and is on display at the tower of london.
mr lansley thinks the nhs doesn't work properly. read this post from an actual nhs doctor as to why it does.
from time to time we will have special themed sundays in the library so do look out for details of these in the library or on the millennium library’s webpage.
so exciting
“yes just like you.” said xiu min.
the teams take the field
what differences does hareton have from the previous generations?
incidentally sally had a swibrau oktoberfest (presumably named for matt swihart coownerrewer). i stole a swig or two and found it to be wonderfully spicy and rich and i regretted i didn't have a pint of that too. something to put on the list.
freddie’s other long term relationship was with jim hutton who lived with the singer up until his death.
a few years ago i had an early morning routine of walking to the nearby convenience store to get a cup of coffee and a newspaper to start my day. one morning while it was still dark i saw an unusual sight in the fellowship hall of our church.
hi there and welcome to march teasers from my favorite things i'm so excited to share teasers with you over the next week there is so much goodness coming from mft you won't want to miss a thing
wednesday and mary were more interested in throwing dirt clods in the water. the poor ducks thought they were going to get fed bread but no such luck from these girls.
the top influencers is an interesting new (beta) feature. the are shown as a list and as circles on a graph. hover the mouse over a circle to see the name and number of followers. click the circle to view that profile on twitter.
the burlington education foundation (bef) is a nonprofit organization committed to promoting community support for education excellence in the burlington public schools. the bef ‘s mission is to channel donations from businesses and individuals to provide burlington educators with an additional source of funding for creative and innovative curriculum enrichment programs. since its inception the bef has awarded close to grants totaling approximately $.
same wallpaper but a different colorway. same floor tiles but a dark slate color. same chandeliers different colors. the nightstand was green as was the desk chair. the curtains and cornice were tangerine...the chairs were a gunmetal dark grey....
for the highdensity inner cities of course von rectangle envisaged multistory car parks towering high above the ring roads and pedestrian precincts where people would find easilyaccessible ample car parking spaces amongst the concrete pillars and supports that would bring a bright new futuristic sheen to their car parking experience under the florescent lights of a throbbing metropolis. a place where the air would always be fresh and the highspeed lifts would whisk people from the parking decks down to the pedestrian shopping paradises at ground level. or if people preferred they could take a leisurely stroll down the bright welllit stairwells and delight in meeting and passing the time of day with all manner of interesting people as they passed each other on those stairs.
expectation is the root of all heartache.
“we call upon people to refrain from shopping walk out of class take the day off of work and other creative forms of resistance disrupting the status quo” organizers said in an april email.
i will be posting more information about these new colors along with some illustrations later this week. until then you can drool over the luscious colors :). below are some of the thoughts that went behind the development of these colors. g & g: these complete the g sequence. these are great greens...not too bright not too yellow not too gray. a new musthave green sequence.
. favorite author?
thankfully we are safe and the kids can't wait to go on another flight...
pumpkins
this was an assignment for a class. the instructions were to create a mission statement for your life. it could take any form. here are the results. five envelopes each with a word that pertains to an interest and a quote relating to it. inside is an image that is relevant in some fashion. the images are as follows:
() sheets of photographic paper
this steel sculpture engineered by cecil balmond begins kapoor and balmond's unexpected career as monumental sculptors to late british neoliberalism but is less embarrassing than the hot pink 'arcelormittal orbit'. a stretched tendon it is both industrial and biomorphic with the tautness between its opposed sides evidently a 'reference' to the transporter bridge. but looking at the tees' surviving industry – the bridge the shipbuilding cranes the curvaceous maw of the distant cooling towers the intertwined tentacles of the nearby refineries who can say that kapoor and balmond are better artists than these anonymous engineers?
the foam was thicker than i thought it would be. plus it only took one pass with the paper towel to get all of the dirt and drool off. with other products this often takes me two to three applications to get a clean look...even better the smell was very mild. all of these things equal l.o.v.e.
. river guard (:)
now comes the part that was hard for me. i wanted to put ribbon on it in a diagonal pattern. i may be in accounting and like numbers but i'm not good with measurements and angles at all mr. creative is the perfectionist in that area so he measured and drew out the angles on the back for me
today was my nd minute slot. i trudged through the rain down to the counselling centre cursing for having to get up so early. my counsellor called me in and we started. for a while it was slow. my new counsellor is nice but she often gives me blank looks which worry me that i’m either a. not making sense or b. actually a little insane. after a while she started to prod deeper and i opened up more about why i get annoyed with my housemates a + b. she tells me i need to confront them about how i am feeling. yep i know this i’m just too scared to rock the boat. my counsellor pounced upon this fact and we talked through a full dissection of my life and why i don’t want to rock the boat for anyone.
it is very much possible that she was speaking to some other friend isn’t it?
from infancy our culture teaches what it means to be a boy or a girl. from the colour of clothes to the toys we play with the messages begin at a very early age. young people are influenced by a barrage of messages to conform to a variety of expectations to buy this widget and to preserve a rigid set of values that stress the differences between genders. the world of make believe as it is presented on tv and in the movies from thriller films to soap operas on television has a big effect on the viewer. even though the plot and characters are fictitious the underlying attitudes and messages are not. they communicate cultural values which shape the way we think and the way we interact. understanding this it is important to begin to unmask a double standard that is pervasive in our culture. the dichotomy is that we buy into the stereotypes that reinforce abuse while trying to “root out” violence in our community.
lilly of the valley is feoh nasturtium is ur honesty is thorn morning glory is ansur snapdragon is rad gorse flower is ken wormwood is gyfu larkspur is wyn. the runes have corresponding stones and trees but i decided on flowers for these ones.
why did listening to what the customers had said lead the company down a blind alley? the answer lies in the fact that when companies gather customer requirements they do not know what types of inputs they need to get from the customer and neither does the customer herself. wants needs benefits solutions ideas desires demands specifications (all very different kinds of inputs) can land up as responses to the same kind of questions.
i'll tell you one thing i couldn't shake the flavour of coco pops out of my mouth with this beer. suits me just fine i love me some coco pops
s: i would send it for like the lego man. he puts it in his cash.
oh and don't let's forget... thelastturkeyrecipeyouwilleverneed.
tall tales & short stories started life in january and its first featured debut author interview was with sarwat chadda. i think i may have been one of the first if not the first person to interview sarwat so it’s been fascinating to follow the journey he’s been on since his first tentative steps into the author limelight.
*do you move with energy do you walk with positive bounce in your step do you show aliveness in your being or do you drag along in your walking move very passively which indicates a lack of confidence and potential fear of people*
their arrival is noticed by several unruly teens who assume that the women are cops. they ignore the catcalls and sexual comments and walk up to the floor of the building where most of the news items took place. helen takes out a camera to photograph the graffiti on the walls including particular phrase that catches her eye: "sweets to the sweet".
m sled sprint – with the weight of the drag
whisk the egg and cream together separately till just combined and add it to the cashewcheese mix.
the thing is people look at us lolitas and only see oddly dressed girls with weird dresses but to be a good lolita you have to have a great fashion sense. the saying: "brand only doesn't make a good lolita" is % true. you need to know how to put the pieces together. we don't "dress poorly" because we have no fashion sense. it's the people who only see "not normal" "not according to the runofthemill fashion rules".
‘eat’ they hissed at me. ‘eat.’
no time...but i do check in to see if there are comments or whatever and somehow stumbled on this old post dating back to . it was while elie was a commander of a checkpoint though now that i know more of what that included i am so much more grateful to the bulletproof vest...or what i thought was a bulletproof vest at the time. now elie will laugh and tell me that it wasn't really bulletproof but offered some measure of protection or maybe it was. i don't really remember.
 we did go for a walk down the street with the boys in their stroller before i started making dinner which was very nice too.
kindly read the rules before you link up
submitted by alyssa macy –
listening to my wife isn’t difficult but it isn’t easy either. it actually takes energy and effort on my part i’m not trying to be derogatory towards my wife in any way i’m only highlighting the autopilot i tend to fly on the no listening programme.
and as an amateur my mom allowed my brother and i to design our own bedrooms when i was about years old. looking back now it must have looked like something from mount vernon when i was finished. very traditional. very proper. then i switched rooms with my older brother several years later . . . and spent the rest of my childhood in the room he decorated with tiger printed wallpaper.
okay i jest. there is no restraining order and although i love my bj (that sounds so bad but oh well...) i am pretty sure i would not know what to do or what to say if i ever had a chance to meet him in the flesh and not just from a distance. i'm kind of shy like that and i definitely holds me back.
some might think what’s the big deal? or pati ba un prinoblema? so what? so what if women are made to sit differently? i throw that question back to you. what’s the big deal with women sitting with their legs open? if a woman is wearing a skirt then i’d understand that she wouldn’t want to flash her underwear in public but why does the same rule stand when she is wearing pants? why isn’t she allowed to sit back and relax the way that men do? i mean who made this wagkabumukakaonlyforwomen rule? why are we not allowed to sit the way we want to sit without being chastised as unladylike?
i kept telling them it was the feed i'd had it once before and spent hours vomiting non stop but they were still adamant they knew best "just try one more night susan..."
level : recovers hp and mp every seconds.
well mahmoud let’s see. persian (ancient iranian) and arab muslims for example began the mass enslavement of black africans several centuries before europeans did. and then china and russia slaughtered millions of their own people during their communist revolutions.
“when are you coming to see your favorite uncle?”
you are already starting out with this core belief that you have a huge job ahead of you that is believed to be essentially futile. when you were very young you had first been told over and over until you were convinced that the persondult that was feeding you this information was the authority. so this is the first brainwashing if you will that occurred. you believed everything that was coming out of the adults mouth. well in believing that this adult has the truth or is the authority you must believe whatever comes from them thereafter. what comes thereafter is the “you” statements that brainwashed you into believing who and what you were along with what was possible to accomplish. so first you became convinced that they were the authority then you became convinced that what they told you about who you were was true because after all if they are without doubt the authority then what they say must be true. along with telling you who you are they told you without doubt what was possible in this life. and one of these beliefs is that; beliefs are permanent or at best extremely difficult to change you can't teach an old dog new tricks or no one ever changes really.
howard marshall wrote “the lesson here is a deeper one; instead of simply healing the man’s body in response to his faith jesus pronounces the forgiveness of his sins thereby demonstrating that the full salvation of men both spiritual and physical depends upon faith in the ability of jesus to act with the authority and the grace of god.” ()
the highest pass of the hindu kush.
is what i had today i am in the process of applying for a hearing dog for the deaf and as part of that i was invited to an “information day” at the centre in buckinghamshire.
quite the deal my friends quite the deal
oddly what got the most attention was the green colored water in the toilet bowl (green food coloring). my girls still can't get over that the leprechaun had to "go potty" before he left our house.
ute nanninga
on the nose granary loaf oats and seeds. faint straw. rather yummy.
i've now thinned it down to beer and stickers. obviously the beer is pertinent here and what got me on to this is a combination of needing a board to catalogue my collection of beers thus saving me literally hours sitting in the larder rummaging through crates trying to decide what to drink and what to keep.
 neither
 c. butter melted
since most of the cast members were couples i tried to arrange things so we could set up housekeeping of sorts whenever i had the opportunity to do so. we would be working a number of towns around the boston area and also have several days off. staying near the city made sense.
starring: ivan marx and peggy marx
but one by one and with the help of our good friends in tehran every problem is solved. we find a mechanic who has worked for volkswagen in turkey. we find an importer of car parts. it will take three weeks to carry out the repair including obtaining parts.
“ellen linder”
the new economic czar’s other socalled economic papers are as follows:
i was reminded of a quote by annie dillard:
this was not what i had expected at all. she had a great day and was excited about her school.
without him afterwards may have to be
man was endowed by its creator with the faculty and capacity for intellectual apprehension and it is this intellectual apprehension that makes us created in gd’s image. not only is man aware but man is self aware and able to use its faculty of intellectual apprehension to discern between truth and falsehood. the rambam makes it clear that the divine intellect was “conjoined with man.” therefore when we exercise our faculty for intellectual apprehension properly we can become close to the divine by conjoining with the divine intellect. hacham jose faur expresses this idea quite beautifully in his book homo mysticus “being created in the image of gd (gn. :) means precisely that gd and humans have the faculty to transcend their realities and to reveal themselves to one another.”
embedded in the timeless evolutionary pulse of all human beings
rosenbaum told dwek that he had been in the business of buying and selling organs for ten years and could help his secretary.
on the farm where
gone by michael grant
fuck that.
then i mixed the vegetable mixture together with the noodles added some garlic powder and black pepper and the basil. it turned out so good i think because i marinated the mushrooms for so long they had a really strong flavor (in a good way) so the rest of the dish didn’t need really a lot of other ingredients. although i do think that some feta cheese crumbles might be a nice addition (but mainly because i think that almost all dishes taste better with cheese…)
– love megan nerd extraordinaire.
and now onwards and upwards for 
in fatah began building a girls' school in hebron named after mughrabi funded by us money. when this came to light the palestinian authority promised to change the name but as soon as the school was completed the name change was rescinded and the school is still named after mughrabi as i write this.
fun? windows?
don't miss one little bit of the fun darlings
the squaredsugar cube fits right into cézanne's règle (rule) of géométrie " if you can draw a cube a sphere a pyramid...you can draw anything". these cubes add a nice contrast to round café cups and cast pleasent shadows..
truman was open to information from many sources and was eager to make decisions. he was accessible and read documents avidly but he focused on immediate decisions and their circumstances rather than trying to put together disparate information into a larger context. by temperament he was a judge rather than a chief of intelligence.
cause obviously i’m not religious or believing in god.
was in salisbury but some of his messengers were killed. all the european miners and farmers left the mines and farms and went to salisbury.
) bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil over high heat.boil florets until they’re tender (pierce with a paring knife or taste a piece) but still offer a bit of resistance about minutes. drain broccoli spread on a baking sheet in an even layer and set aside to cool—it will continue to cook as it cools.
i’m an year old in high school. about a year ago i played my first live game with some kids from school who all were obsessed with poker. i was the biggest fish ever who ran insanely hot and of course got hooked.
if you do how to you keep it clean?
my layout is a very different design very roughly based on an idea i saw somewhere on pinterest though i totally redsigned it lol i used a number of dies on this card: cheery lynn italian flourish doily spellbinders ornate artisan tags & accents spellbinders labels & labels and a cuttlebug embossing folder (sorry i can't remember the name). the base is bazzill safari designer paper is prima romantique brushed god by recollections ivory cs by gina k. i also had to add a little silk for this th anniversary... so the bow is may arts silk. i did all the coloring with copics and finished with hero arts pearls gold cording tassle and trims from my stash and brads from m stash. lots of sponging with adirondak latte and the other stamping was done with memento ink.
thanks to the new vic the met and the whitney for making my job a bit easier and for providing outstanding services to support the education of all children.
mr. roofer caught me in a mood which was not one of the most tolerant or forgiving in my arsenal of moods. his comment and manner were not of the variety of friendly interest or in any way complimentary. i stood there resisting putting voice to what had filled my mind. two words the last of which was "you".
more fun random items. this was pretty much the sight everywhere you turn. booth after booth of random stuff. after awhile it all started to look the same. but i went through twice anyway because i was totally in a happy place....
the book that we worked on last year based on interviews with unschoolingatural learning advocates is scheduled for publishing and we can't say more than that but stay tuned.
this experience is not the reason i don't want to send my kids to school but i do think about it every time someone brings up the socialization issue. school is far from being an ideal social environment for all children. and before you say you can't protect your children from being made fun of it's going to happen anyway i will tell you i do realize that. but they will be able to choose who to socialize with instead of being stuck with the same kids every day whether they like it or not. my children will learn that they do not ever have to put up with abuse or harassment.
"because i was trying to run on water."
“pranks reinforce the cultural ethos of creative joy” joost added. “getting something done in a short period of time with no budget and challenging circumstances. it’s glorious and epic. they didn’t ask for permission. not even forgiveness.”
the mormon religion teaches quite the opposite of seeking. in fact they do not want you to know about their institution and it is their goal to keep you from finding out about their history and the fact that they are preaching a different gospel.
sometimes just when you're least expecting it something happens to give you a lift. it just happened to me when i looked at the comments on my blog tonight and discovered that i'm the lucky winner of a draw. i follow a fantastic blog three dogs in a garden that features the most incredibly beautiful photographs of flowers and plants. jen's blog is a celebration of gardening and gardens and the beauty of the natural world. recently she held a draw to give away a book called the untamed garden by sonia day.
things like vacuuming the stairs while he plays in the parlor with the tube attachment to the vacuum cleaner.
how is that ok? where are the blustering moral police spitting bile and hot rancid breath when that outrage is going on.
and another cover band
unfortunately one of the racerelated stereotypes that helps shape this social reality involves the socalled “gangsta” subculture and its association with both crime and young darkskinned males especially those in hoodies like the one trayvon was wearing the night he died. it’s probably this stereotype that led to trayvon’s death.
the following items i picked for a grand total of only $ at the covent flea market.
o you who believe if you help (in the cause of) allah he will help you and make your foothold firm. (v.:)
i am a big fan of cut out & keep ...i will most likely creep it daily for inspiration check it out its awesome. i'm definitely also going to have to check out pintrest... i just have a hard time figuring out new sites. know of someplace i can find some inspiration? share in the comment section below
according to martinez those results are an incentive for the health workers to attend the may day march on tuesday.
these are some shots of the interior of our soon to be new house. amy says i can't have deer heads though.
embracing life like a fairy tale enables us to recapture a childlike sense of astonishment. it helps us to remember that this world though fallen is indeed an amazing and wondrous place. the fairy tale mindset makes us grateful because it reminds us that all the beauty of this world is an undeserved gift. the story is precious because it might have been told quite differently. god did not need to write our character into his world but he chose to. like a fairy tale this world is often hostile as well as beautiful; however god’s word assures us that our adventures in this world are not in vain and that there is an even greater adventure yet to come.
 – ‘mac’ by harold pinter (fintan mckeown)
beneath barelyread books tubes of carmex and crumpled up kleenex i found a pen and scrap paper in my bedside drawer. recalling every ounce of music theory i managed to retain from college (which isn't much) i jotted down the words notes & rythym. and happily i fell back asleep.
“trying too hard?” asked steve.
the flood of memories i have of special vacations.
i stare at the red wine on the tray. with her heavy treads vibrating the floorboards of lightened gray my wife strolls this way. her rolls of flesh carry the sickly odor of threedayold nachos lathered in fake cheese spray.
therefore i need the following info :
sold on the line that the new australian film wish you were here was this year's animal kingdom we went along to the cinema to see it on saturday night. while neither film presents a flattering picture of contemporary australians wish you were here disappointingly was never in animal kingdom's league.
. turn heat to medium and cook for to minutes until broth is almost absorbed. taste for salt. serve over rice.
happy voting yiz feckers
spirit acquisitions doesn’t mention that the first attempt to market this product beginning about ten years ago blew up when the president of the predecessor company clyde may’s son kenny got caught by alabama alcoholic beverage control illegally selling whiskey from the trunk of his car.
in total i worked out on of the days in april – a % success rate i’m especially proud because i could’ve used my foot injury as a reason to stay home for a week or so but i got creative and stayed active (lots of seated upper body weights that put no pressure or weight on my foot). in total of those workouts had an emphasis on weightlifting which is my secondhighest number ever (behind july of last year when i had weightliftingfocused workouts).
i picture those pieces of paper having his tall slanted handwriting covering it in names numbers and hooks to songs.
) x clean & jerk @ % – rest sec.
the day was well underway by the time i rolled out of bed at the crack of afternoon. dogs restless eyes bleary nightgown twistedi'm hung over from too much sleep. fall is such a sleepy time of year but it didn't hit me until today. the quality of the light changes becoming more golden and somnolent.
today's post is a baby card that i made using the wild about you stamp set. i love this stamp set and enjoy using it from time to time. hope you like it.
this is a suitably chilling and atmospheric version of the famous tale from the pen of jane ( kickass xmen: first class ) goldman and directed by james ( eden lake ) watkins. every creepy trick in the book is wheeled out to make the viewer uneasy as we follow flickering candles down darkened corridors hear unearthly cries in the fog and jump out of our seats as faces appear reflected in windows or glimpsed through a zoetrope. the gloomy gothic feel of the movie is reflected in the detailed production design: the jumbled edwardian mess of eel marsh house and the rainlashed grimy cottages and pub of crythin gifford. the woman herself is a blurry shadowy figure often lurking at the edge of the frame watching and waiting.
she is as usual with my cards colored with copic ♥
what i like: what sets the open doors (od) catalogue apart is that it’s exclusive to aiding christian people in difficult circumstances and hence allow the gospel to go forward. so all the gifts are specific to the needs of chrisitans worldwide who are suffering or under persecution. gifts like ‘send two children whose fathers have been martyred to school for a year’ are unique and you can’t really find anything like this in the other catalogues… it’s great that someone is specifically looking out for these needs
if you are reading this wondering if it is worth the money with no guarantee you will have a labour like mine i would say if it gives you a chance you could have a birth like mine then it is worth every penny.’
“in another point the authors have asked the question: ‘could such wholesale sabotage of agriculture as took place in the soviet union take place in the united states of america?’ they then answer the question that regardless of how fantastic it might sound such diabolical sabotage was actually practiced by german saboteurs in in the united states of america.”
i also learned on pinterest how to make the banners using a square punch after seeing the picture i thought "ohh duhhh"...
follow me on networked blogs ( additional entriesleave comments)
the eagle quotes famous bed bug entomologist louis n. sorkin for advice about what to do if you have them. he talks about where bed bugs might be hiding: "inside electric outlets behind molding under pictures inside furniture in recessed screw holes on molded plastic chairs and inside tvs clock radios remote controls desktop computers and laptops."
and so might any day begin for the students of magical lucinda greenlee.
va.
so what did you think? i feel energized that i was able to complete this challenge and it is gratifying to know that i did it by dipping into the lovely beads that i have been hoarding for far too long
but he owns this fucking shitting home."
paper lace: k&co﻿
however professor tan does not see the update of the register as a clear sign that a byelection will be called soon.
i am so excited that today is the first day you are able to view the new close to my heart idea book on linejust click here to go to my website and see all the new products.
lentils have been eaten by humans since neolithic times and were one of the first domesticated crops. in the middle east lentil seeds have been found dating back more than years.
all submissions must be original manuscripts not previously published elsewhere or submitted elsewhere simultaneously with submission to this journal. all submissions will be sent to two members of the journal's peer review panel for their opinions concerning content clarity and relevance to cryptozoology. their comments will then be studied by the editor whose decision is final concerning whether or not the manuscript is published subject if necessary to amendments by the author(s) if suggested by the reviewers. the copyright of all published papers belongs to this journal.
the time has arrived the time of good yard sales that is. yard saling is not quite the same when my mom is not here but i drug adam and amelia along for company this past weekend. i was praying for a good day of sales and boy did they deliver
cbti involves meeting with a psychologist trained in the method. it is a shortterm ( sessions) treatment approach that includes monitoring sleep patterns changing sleeprelated behaviors managing the sleep environment and learning strategies to cope effectively with thoughts or worries that interfere with sleep. people who engage in cbti report high satisfaction with the method and significant improvements in sleep.
many of us use similar passwords and usernames for different accounts and (give or take some occasional trial and error) we can remember all this information without writing it down. however if something were to happen to you and a family member or agent needed to access that information would they be able to?
one way of looking at it is to see yourself as jobless and feel as though the world is falling apart around you. the second way might be to see it as an opportunity.
the thing is it's almost guaranteed to be nominated for an oscar. i hate that. it's stopped being about recognizing steps forward in film. actually my disenchanted mind now wonders if it was ever about that.
 believe and teach our children lies re: genetics iq and other racial differences and the real consequences of diversity and multiculturalism.
it meant though that i had a steep learning curve as i started finding out about this strange new world of publishing. it’s been a journey of discovery that i’ve thoroughly enjoyed i’ve read great books made brilliant new friends and found much to talk and think about.
this month years after her verón’s disappearance seven men and six women accused of having been part of the network that kidnapped and forced her daughter into prostitution are finally being brought to trial.
relight rule no. : let's get practical — in discussing trying again have you both made suggestions of what might help make it work this time? it's all well and good thinking you can rekindle your love — and that love will conquer all — but it won't. as well as realising you still love each other you both must think practically about what things you should do differently.
food:
what a lovely day and night. the drive to work held an hour worth of espanol for gringos. is it sinking in? what did i learn? unfortunately un poquito. i did learn that rosetta stone totally immerses the student in spanish with no english words.
‘what does he eat?’
 cups ( stick) butter softened
dress: you can wear whatever you want this is your graduation and as queer folk we are often "required" by work school family culture etc. to dress in ways that do not necessarily fit our tastes. if you wish to wear the cap and gown wear it. if you want to appear in drag do it. if you have cultural regalia you wish to wear proudly please do so if you want to dress up go for it. you want to be comfy have at it. this is your night. all of your identities are celebrated as is the awesomeness that is you and our uw queer communities
snack: almonds apple
and even when sisters are different
credit @greene
i just want to say screw you to employers who don't recognize when employees do go above an beyond in their jobs.
carson’s worldbuilding is consistently well done from the spanish influence of elisa’s home kingdom of orovalle to the hill people to the mix of cultures in brisadulce. and the fact that the desert wasn’t immediately home to a fantasy version of bedouins was fantastic. as much as i like gorgeous horses that particular stereotype is overdone and it’s neat to see the idea of a nearly unlivable desert play out. the city of brisadulce confused me a little bit in that it seemed a desert city but then at one point was mentioned to be on the ocean. for this reasons and others i’d have loved if the author had included a map of her world. some of the routes traveled from city to city got confusing especially towards the end of the book when the speed required didn’t seem to match with earlier information and it would have been really nice to be able to look at a map and trace the journeys
these samples are the perfect size for a throw pillow or other small project and $ is a fraction of the cost per yard for these highend fabrics. jackpot does anyone know the proper protocol for "purchased" samples? (joanns refunds your $ if you bring the sample back.)
up and running.
this post by calculated risk was a shock to us on the demographics behind student loans. during the housing bubble you had an asset but these loans have no real collateral (paper diploma) that make this a very concerning issue.
bharti rolled out the g wireless broadband services in kolkata and is working on launching advanced technology networks in other parts of the country. bharti airtel will shortly roll them out in the other three circles of karnataka punjab and maharashtra (excluding mumbai).
put on and smile upon our evening bed
~luke
lol i don't think the word no is in my vocabulary some days hey ho hubby says i work better under pressure.
and just grow up
. sucker punch – warner brothers can have a very supportive relationship with some of its directors (that’s why clint eastwood has been with them for so many decades). after christopher nolan made them huge piles of money with his batman films they were willing to fund his passion projects. after the dark knight he basically got a giant fucking budget to do whatever he felt like. that movie was inception and was my favorite of . after the successes of dawn of the dead and watchmen warner brothers decided to try the same thing with zack snyder. the result was sucker punch. it looked like it would be fan boy’s wet dream with hot girls ninjas steam punk nazi zombies dragon and hot girls. instead it was an incoherent mess with too many different levels of fantasy and reality (including one completely superfluous fantasy level where the mental hospital is like a brothel?) and an ending that is supposed to be a twist or something but is really just stupid. snyder’s next movie is the man of steel and i’m hoping that he can pull superman off as long as someone else does the writing.
kavkaz center
well we got a call from our agent and she said “in all my years i have never had a seller not counter an offer. congrats they accepted”
potential cj staff go through a rigorous hiring process. we receive their application and reference forms which must be written and are also spotchecked for accuracy and authenticity and then conduct a phone or inperson interview.
i was looking through the art philosophy cricut cartridge handbook that is exclusively sold through close to my heart. this cartridge has something for everyone. i found an awesome tagard on it that i used to make my card. i used cardstock from recollections and patterned paper from the dcwv high school stack. the cutie diploma was made with the recess cart. the scallop circle was also cut from the art philosophy cart. the coordinating stamp is from close to my heart. i love that they have so many stamps that coordinate with the cartridge. i added some red tulle and tied a bow with ribbon from walmart. i plan to add a small pocket inside to add a gift card.
i will no longer live in california. i will no longer have family close by. i will have no friends. am i going to regret this?
while calabrese didn’t write a formal business plan he did conduct significant research on what the competitors were charging what services they were offering and how to conduct a quality inspection before opening his company. his business took off and within two years he was taking more inspection requests than he could handle.
what i am nervous about? how this belly is going to keep growing for ish more weeks...eek
if you play a simple song
perhaps the residents should also be given a little more factual information rather than what is perhaps nothing more than a hunch. a hunch that would perhaps give a voter a feeling of confidence and trust in the candidate and sway the ballot box in the appropriate direction.
add chopped onion and minced garlic
.keep it up
i got two sets for each vehicle. i love them
i cannot wait to fill the easter baskets it is one of the best parts of being a mommy getting to do all those fun things. i have some candy melts to make some molded candy perhaps camille and i will make some of those today. we are stranded home again because joe took the big van so yay we are not going anywhere
was she safe?
le poission rouge
the little traverse bay group and the bay mills indian community near sault ste. marie in the eastern upper peninsula sent separate letters to the university earlier this week protesting its continued holding of indian remains.
i'll give you a clue: she's a lot skinnier and her jumper fits better
maybe it was just an off day (or week) but i’ve been feeling like my recipesosts have been less than awesome. there was a sense of “going with the flow” experimenting and naïve optimism in the beginning of this blog. now it seems to have progressed into wanting perfection every time i take something out of the oven.
i went to africa on a mission trip the summer after my freshman year of college and after that eyeopener i could no longer accept the cookiecutter lifestyle of the sacramento suburb i was living in at the time. it was fake. i needed authentic.
there’s deployment turnbased actions that you would expect of a srpg. attacks are executed on style where if you attack an enemy it would be just like a battle between the with the attacker having the preemptive. however after choosing either a normal attack or a skill you have no control over the ensuing minibattle. the battle will be onesided ie the player is the only one attacking with the opponent doing nothing but taking the hits if the opponent is unable to fight back. for example melee to range and vice versa etc etc.
for consignment sale i got new pairs of circo shorts boys children's place shoes infant onesies ralph lauren skort puzzle th of july outfit and long sleeve shirts for fall sale.
portions are generous and our host is eversmiling. the cuisine seems to have nuances of lebanese and indian which meld surpisingly well.
restrictions: over ′s only
of course it was my beloved slate teal.
mazui has changed a couple things so far… i think. of course they don’t change things where they matter. houtarou is not the “very definition of gray” whatever that means. the second clause doesn’t relate to the first one at all either. you don’t even have to be that good at english to realize how stupid these lines are.
friday of the third week of easter
if you'd asked me to bet cold hard cash money on whether this query would ever work i'd have laid odds it wouldn't. you proved me wrong. congratulations.
in the us grew tired of the british navy’s habit of impounding its merchant ships and impressing us crews into british service. since great britain was busy fighting napoleon and his allies the us thought it could mount operations against great britain’s canadian colonies and that great britain would quickly relent.
notice the tea napkins and the cupid napkin rings i made too.
why have these maintenance people vacuuming while i’m on this important call?
now you can:
we had the room until pm but checked out around noon. in lahaina we had lunch at the aloha mixed plate. we sat at one of the tables closest to the beach in the shade. i had the beef teriyaki with rice and macaroni salad; tony had one of their burgers. the menu has a nice mix of local dishes and always with large portions.
the amazing thing was she kept staring at me and smiling.
follow the reuse road.
. get honest
warner brothers 
suddenly i began to tremble. i could feel the pulsations begin to rise within me. i opened my mouth to let out a cry of pure pleasure but had to choke it back as a juicy cock was forced between my lips.
otherwise known as lepidopterophibia.
me being a rather conservative (a better word for 'kiasee'...a singlish term which means 'afraid to die') person is not always willing to take up baking challenges. my fear of failure is the greatest stumbling block. i know to avoid kitchen failures i should equip myself with the necessary knowledge and skills which i should acquire by learning from professional bakers. in the past i like to use the excuse of not being able to find time to attend baking classes...but now with more free time on hand i still couldn't make myself sign up for any baking course. the thought of going for lessons on specific time on a periodic basis just puts me off. with this kind of mentality i wonder when i am able to accelerate my learning pace?
let h shuffle (addi l v) in let t t *. t in f : f +. . *. t *. t *. magnitude h y done; f let fbm ?(octaves) let rec go f w i (x y z as p) if i then f else let f f +. w *. noise p in go f (. *. w) (pred i) (. *. x . *. y . *. z) in go . . octaves let clampb n (n lor ((n) asr (sys.wordsize))) land lnot (n asr (sys.wordsize)) land let rescale f clampb (int (. +. ldexp (f +. .) ))
after the first week of my regular visits (there were no ‘off’ days and never any ‘sick’ days for this shift) i saw a figure sitting at the opposite end of the bar table. he wore glasses had a mole on his cheek and kept staring at me over his glasses.
ranks? yes it does smell a bit dunnit.
they are in our police forces they proliferate in our judiciary and in our institutions they sit in parliament and they dominate our schools and places of education where they teach lies and half truths in place of history and tell our children to feel shame for their race.
he has blasted the ‘commitment’ by the big four banks in the socalled project merlin negotiations to increase lending to small and medium businesses saying ‘that is not a commitment at all. that’s a weak waffly gross lending aspiration with vast wriggle room. there’s no commitment there.’
here's the best part: you all thank you all for visiting me and encouraging me in all my endeavors as i have mentioned before i'm so thankful to have found this community of wonderful people who want to exchange ideas art and encouragement. i love seeing what you dothe art the beautiful pictures the flea market finds the furniture refinishing the decorating and projects you are working on and best of all your wonderful spirits. i am inspired and empowered every day thank you so much
rhodebeck said the wellpublicized political bickering painted “a rather unflattering picture of the legislature.”
remember the ten ways for schools to confuse a child? well i'm pretty sure someone from the federal government read it and took my suggestions seriously. because they are planning on taking one of the items on the list and running with it. here it is:
mad by harriet
to get your favorite sets before they retire
paul andrew acquaviva glen rock n.j.
i went to see whether saying a wheelbarrow was "mechanical" (as i did above) was stretching the definition or not. that's not what i found though. what i found was that the use of wheelbarrows seems to have died out in europe until the th century. the romans had them perhaps from the greeks but evidence of wheelbarrows is missing for a long time. and even cooler dyson who created the new hand dryers and bladeless fans and the dyson vacuum cleaners invented a ballbarrow (so he's been thinking about what round things can do since at least the 's. but he doesn't own the patent anymore. it would be fun to own one.
so here for the week beginning january th is my first week of
now it’s time to recap the year that was 
the epaulettes of captains three years post to have an addition of a silver crown over a silver anchor.
in joyce's post "is it okay to cry now" i was so impressed with her strength and courage in the face of death that i just had to feature her this week. how many of you would have had her attitude if you survived an explosion? she writes:
ridgeway brewing lump of coal
oriana summons a magical book of kingdom secrets and uncle duke opens it. ladies and gentleman the kingdom secrets oriana has been protecting and that the slim plot of this entire fucking movie was based around.
obama: why yes i am listening to dolly parton on my blackberry.
first of all i want to discuss the difference between an allergy and intolerance. asthma and allergy specialist dr. james t c li says that a true food allergy causes an immune system reaction that affects numerous organs in the body. in contrast food intolerance symptoms are generally less serious and are limited to digestive problems. food intolerance symptoms generally come on gradually and don't involve an immune system reaction.
i know i am such a bad blogger at the moment
victorian england is temping and there are sourcebooks available for that setting. and i work a couple weekends of a charles dickens christmas faire up in san francisco during the holidays so plenty of inspiration there (the white chapel district that they set up inside the cow palace is just dark and creepy). switch that era to the old west and you have a setting i would love to do coc for. last week i got my hands on a copy of deadlands and that is inspiring an old west thing even more.
they drave great nails through hands and feet and made a calvary;
their bad advice
gave him a transplant for a brand new start
obama administration officials have confirmed that they believe torture was committed by american interrogators. the president has not ruled out a criminal inquiry but has signalled he is reluctant to do so for political reasons.
the large problem i have with the magazine is purely down to it being official. reviews are always going to be slightly suspect and a majority of the magazine reads like a pr press release dissected into a less formal tone the magazine never feels like it is speaking from its own perspective. the previews give an impression that each game is going to be amazing and the reviews really seem to be safely following the crowd no controversial scores here.
this is my verse this is the whole reason that i started my blog and this challenge. i am a new person (i have been meaning to explain what the whole new equus thing means and why i chose the verse i did but i will do that at a later time.) i have been posting verses from the new living translation (this is the version that is being used in the challenge) and i really like those but in this case i like mine a little better. it is from the english standard version (and is the tagline for my blog):
i was initially taken back by how small the mics were. however the smk’s were able to duplicate the pianos natural rich tone better than any mics we’ve tried to date. the close distance to the frame allowed us to capture a full thick bodied midrange sound. i also noticed that the piano had a nice sharp attack or pop sound with the placement we used.
#
obama quote…..”and i think for us to use that time for some reflection to give thanks to those who participated is entirely appropriate and that’s what’s been taking place.”
p.s. of course grace dent is still on twitter. it's like hotel california you can check out but you can never leave you can follow her at @gracedent.
‘low’ reserves
well on one of these bathroom trips as my dear husband was unhooking me. at :pmall hell broke loose. i was getting ready to wheel my way to the bathroom. when a big splash happened. and let me tell you that was like the movies. i stood there in complete awe as about gallon of water flew out onto the floor...nice...ugh... and i said oh no. and josh was like what. and i said um my water broke look its all on the floor call a nurse... so he pressed the button and the nurse came in.
“several thousand fishes died in a river near the indobangladesh border in remote west khasi hills district last weekend prompting an official probe into the matter officials said today. dead floating fishes were first detected by local anglers on friday last at river kynshi km from here.
i had to film the entire piece on green screen as i couldn’t get locations that were accessible when my actors were available etc etc so couldn’t do a large amount of movement but it did allow me to play with the scope of the piece and the transitions on scene changes. example; were the actor remains visible as the scene changes around them and then they sit into that scene using a prop (glass of bourbon) as their focal point.
in a world where we have so much stuff....what a question......it took a little bit of thinking and not so easy to answer i might add.
almost as a godsend former president moi decided to throw his weight behind the no campaign thus installing tagging all the campaigners against the proposed constitution with the contagion of misrule dictatorship corruption patronage appointments land grabbing torture and state terror that many kenyans associate with the kanu rule that started with founding president jomo kenyatta and ended with ignominious defeat of moi’s hand picked successor at elections when narc kibaki and raila came out on top.
"come with a full bladder" said the nurse "and the letter of referral from your consultant". so on friday morning i put both in my handbag and presented myself at eight in the am bellyup and bare for an ultrasound. the doctor slathered me in cold jelly and ran the scanner across my goosebumped gut sighed and then told me that i needed to go and have a cup of tea or ten and come back. "but i'm bursting" i whined as i flopped back down off the bed and wriggled back into my dress. "come back at nine" he said "and you will be".
i think the danger we face as believers in the risen messiah is that like those other disciples we forget the promises of jesus or we think he is not close not next to us. and so in the meantime we try to just go on and get some kind of life and hope for ourselves.
i watch
the question of whether or not ‘writer’s block’ truly exists. my answer of course it does. sometimes it’s simply because an author can take a story into so many directions and their perplexed on which road to take. sometimes you can take the road less traveled and hit a dead end and your creativity hits the forsaken spot at the same time. what do i do when that happens? i doodle. draw. diagram. then finally back away and wait (and pray) it’ll come to me. i’d read somewhere that someone described writers block as simply ‘fear.’ the author is afraid to take the story in the direction it needs. i can see that explanation as having merit because i have felt that before. the most wonderful moment though is when i break down that wall of fear and trudge through the rubble
cycled here on their recumbent tricycles. in fact they not only came here they’ve travelled across the south flying from oregon to houston on feb. and from there cycling across louisiana mississippi alabama and georgia and just recently arriving in charleston. at nights they camp out or occasionally stay in motels as they chose to do in charleston. there they left their camping gear so they could more easily “tricycle” around the region.
i honestly feel that so many women out there miss their one chance to be with their true prince charming because they let him go because he doesn’t have what society deems as the qualities for a perfect man. society seems to place in our heads that we need to look for a guy who has a well paying job (ideally a ceo of a big name company) he has to be drop dead handsome (according to movie standards) buy you flowers everyday spoil you with extravagant gifts and an array of other requirements. it seems that the man has to jump through hoops before we can even consider a future with him.
there were no distinguishing features save for the one wall covered with
not knowing what the next moment will bring.
back in the day this song was frequently used as a sobriety "test" because of its difficult melody. if a person could sing just one stanza and stay on key they were deemed sober enough to continue drinking. due to the song's raunchy lyrics it quickly gained popularity and spread beyond the walls of the anacreontic society. it was so popular that it eventually hopped the pond and by the time key wrote his famous poem the song was well known in america.
no not that kind of bedroom story (although i am sure i could think of few good ones).
– hirahata seito
. candidate first and last name attach profile
filmed & edited by vincent t joachim
cooking time: minutes
(the second part of my latest piece for the sueddeutsche zeitung)
textiles maker louise gardiner was the craft&design selected maker of the year .
“i wish to fight for the good of dee not for monarchy but for people to live in peace and good terms to build something where everyone feels at ease and not dictated to like (those critics) clearly try to do. i will now with sadness try to build a structure without their help since they already throw rocks at us….”
the front of the finished quilt:
the lifeless flutter of dull eyes defies the cries that defy the mountains that rise
and laughed hysterically when the mom came up with this:
as long as you don't take a wrong turn.
great ideas for keeping kids active this summer
bludsworth’s testimony in herron’s trial showed herron was his direct supervisor and bludsworth took orders from him. in the testimony bludsworth also stated that he felt his job was in jeopardy from remarks made by herron and “there ain’t but one way in the town of new brockton and that’s the mayor’s way.”
we're different people here for different reasons despite finding ourselves on the same pitch lists and evites attending the same conferences and sharing plenty of twitter followers. we have different goals and different measurements of success.
andrew is a child of a very broken home with little hope on the horizon – his mom’s sick and dying his dad’s out of work and abusive. he is a troubled teenager to the extreme and when he gets his powers he does not magically turn over a new leaf. this movie is a really good portrayal of a main character that is not anyone we want to identify with or even really follow but then the film does it anyway and it turns out compelling and even arresting at times in its insanity. it’s a great character study of kids like andrew who exist in plentitude in the real world – kids who have nothing and don’t seem to be on the planet for anything else other than to be punching bags for the karmic forces. it’s tragic and the movie portrays andrew’s darkest moments in that light almost as much as they are deplorable and disgusting. mostly they’re all three.
as regards the motion to disqualify mr. justice padilla the court is of the opinion that it must not be considered it having been presented after mr. justice padilla had given his opinion on the merits of these cases. as we have once said “a litigant . . . cannot be permitted to speculate upon the action of the court and raise an objection of this sort after decision has been rendered.” (government of the philippine islands vs. heirs of abella phil. .)
the testimony of former metropolitan police officers like andy hayman and john yates before the home affairs select committee did not answer the questions as to why the initial investigation seemed so hamfisted.
i imagined your future
this is how the dar alislam expands and dar alharb dwindles.
there is no significant difference between the normal and severe clusters. notice from the plots that there is a large overlap between the normal and the severe clusters as shown in figure .
* your new thing lately....you call me nikki.....you still call me mommy but you'll break out the whole "hey nikki" if i don't answer you
(the rhymes work better in the original version but you can get a feel for it nonetheless. after some delightful verses about buttocks “gushing entrails bright” and swollen bellies burns goes on to compare the pathetic food that the “master of the house” eats to the hearty haggis that the clearly superior rustic scotch labourer eats…)
in a little more than twelve hours i will be on my way home to spend christmas with my family.
today’s publishers still entangled in the dying gutenberg age will one hopes spin off their talented editors as semiautonomous units and gradually disencumber themselves of their obsolete infrastructure. barring a nuclear disaster life will go on as it always has: past present and future all at once. “–jason epstein
 i know your longing
martha’s lemon bars betty’s cake
tamara himmelstrand said she used to experience the daily disapproval of stayathome moms in sweden.
"if you need me i'll be on the pudding cup."
that is not especially surprising. shutting out access to balanced scientific discussion of fluoridation is alive and well. . . and taxpayer supported. negative fluoride studies and reviews are hardly abundant on pubmededline. one does not need to be a conspiracy theorist to observe that the us national library of
the military is in the process of performing autopsies on veterans who committed suicide and so far an alarming number of them have shown evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (c.t.e.) a degenerative disease of the brain best known for affecting boxers and football players who endure repeated concussions.
at the bbc website today stephanie flanders (who is no slouch) has been analysing german behaviour over the efsf in particular and the debt crisis in general. her conclusion is a very progerman one – ‘they’re doing it to bring democracy back to the eu’ being the sunconclusion.
brasserie dieu du ciel rosée d'hibiscus
then i carry these germs
the best creole restaurant in los angeles? i know y'all are wondering "ok the baby is cute but you can't just leave that out there without telling us savannah" so i'm going to share an insider la secret: go to harold and belles next time you're out in lalaland don't thank me now just remember to raise a glass seriously outside of being in new orleans this is the best on the west coast
this is a honed skill. the novice need not apply. i remember when i learned this skill. i was and dating a beautiful danish boy named bruno. i know i know the name held me up too. but he was tall blonde blue eyed everything you'd expect of a dane. handsome. charming. endearingly sweet. sarcastic in a way that only he has ever been. kind. he was for me the ultimate. (to be clear it was a short lived affair but to this day he holds a special place in my life for the following reason)
frankenstein: ‘very well you have that right. but before you do that would you like to come down into my dark and mysterious cellar all alone with me and my dangerous scientific equipment?’
several times a year i'm completely consumed by a book this way. nothing exists but me the characters and their world. and when i read the last page and close the cover it's as if i'm leaving a lover after a secret weekend in a hotel room. there has been very little sleeping. scenes linger in my thoughts for weeks. and i wish i could go back and experience it anew.
“if they ask you for peace accept it from them and there is no abrogation in it.”
shed dead tears all 'round town
another take: what if grandad is a giant ubergeek. a silver surfer and gamer with millions of online friends. what if his store sells replica weapons starwars and startrek memorabilia movie props and vintage computer games?
i often reach a point where i think "enough i can't take any more"
judging art is subjective and it is not an area where i claim expertise. but in these books there is an additional concern beyond a standard critique of artistic consistency proportion movement and serial storytelling. there is the issue of likeness this is the doctor as portrayed by david tenant. there are some wonderful moments wherein aspects of tenant's characterizaion of the doctor are captured but there are many times when it looked less like the actor. i found myself distracted more often than i would have preferred.
“we will gather together as a community regardless of your religious affiliation or your social standing” he said. “the whole community needs rain. jesus said whatever you ask our heavenly father in my name will be granted. we take jesus at his word. we will go out and ask god to send the rains.”
 brett wallace
surprisingly to me at least this is abbott's first novel. it was surprising because abbott writes with a maturity and a knowledge and a voice that is so wise beyond his seeming lack of experience. he writes with the voice of a man that has written many novels previously and who will continue to write for many years to come. i also really enjoyed how we were given insight into henry's life personality his flaws and his destruction we are given the best pieces of insight and wisdom through other people that interact with henry. it did take me a while to adjust to the constant jumps in time and between characters. however once i did the novel moved smoothly and seamlessly and i was very happy to be able to get to read this novel.
there hasn't been much time for stitching indulgence since we arrived back home. washing ironing shopping and having visitors have filled the last couple of days but a couple of nights in front of the telly have given me time to work on this:
beat the egg whites in a mixing bowl until stiff peaks form and fold into the chocolate mixture. pour into the prepared pan (spray the bottom with nonstick spray) and bake until the cake is set the top starts to crack and a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out with moist crumbs clinging to it to minutes (and then check every five minutes after thatdon't overbake). let stand minutes then unmold.
i don’t know a whole lot about my grandfather either since he wasn’t present for most of my childhood. i see him perhaps once a month (usually less frequently) now but that’s only a development of recent years.
born: — married: 
dr albert
flung their smoke into the laquearia
deciding on the marketing strategy
śyāmāc chavalaṁ prapadye
z the best place to visit:somewhere warm
”i need to go” arthur said again
they said that while i am waiting for inac to contact me that i could be getting all the extra required documents in order to submit. this includes the guarantor form driver's license and passport photos.
“the lonely island – i’m on a boat” featuring noah and the somali pirates on the remix
seitan potato hash
so we have one more scavenger hunt left here are the rules same as every day:
we moved to a table outside where the procession of wines continued with the schatzle reds. i think.
the local humane society could not immediately be reached for comment.
she had me pinned to the carpet and herself pinned to me and her tongue touched her lips as she swirled her hips carefully around my cock scratching the itch inside her pussy.
flat tail is in what used to be the fox and firkin which after the creation of the waterfront park is now in a lovely spot on first and madison with ample outside seating. the location and the outdoor seating give it an advantage over block at least in these lovely summer months. but whereas black is squarely in the 'nw brewpub style' meaning lots of wood and exposed beams and a wee bit of down home funk (thank the mcmenamins for creating the blueprint and i do mean thank the bright airy style of the nw brewpub was a distinct break from the dark tavern style) flat tail is full on collegetown sportsbar style. it has gray walls black furniture a touch of gloss and lots of flat screen tvs. it also is a beaver heaven with memorabilia covering all the walls. go beavs. in the 'do tvs belong in pubs?' debate i fall squarely in the yes camp as i am a hopeless sports fan. i love to have a place to socialize and watch the game while at the same time enjoying excellent house made beer. though i am not terribly fond of the decor i prefer the woody nw brewpub style i am a fan of variety and find flat tail a nice break from that tradition.
asian markets surged during the quarter led by the stellar performance of japan’s nikkei index. the .% three monthreturn for the nikkei was its strongest quarterly performance since . however a falling yen in relation to the canadian dollar reduced returns in canadian terms to .%. japanese stocks rose as economies of the country’s trading partners improved the country’s central bank eased monetary policy and investors bought shares they perceived as undervalued.
it rang once but i quickly found the “end call” button and stopped it from ringing any further; hopefully circumventing any harm that might have occurred by disturbing some innocent party on the receiving end.
we won’t even have to be concerned about what to wear – god
the magnolia doo hickey die cut on the left is a christmas mistletoe one but i coloured it with the yellow as to me it can be used for love as well i also coloured my silver charm with my goldish copic pen to make that fit in too
are you even remotely tempted to toss your hardearned money over to this person and his lovely date?
one day when a seamstress was sewing while sitting close to a river her thimble fell into the river. when she cried out the lord appeared and asked 'my dear child why are you crying?' the seamstress replied that her thimble had fallen into the water and that she needed it to help her husband in making a living for their family..the lord dipped his hand into the water and pulled up a golden thimble set with sapphires...
today's mail is super exciting because not only did i get a card back that i thought was long gone but he's a royals prospect that is in camp with the big league team as we speak i sent this around opening day last year and received it back today (postmarked az) good luck in st derrick
when grace awakens she's no longer in her own body. as she roams the hospital hallway she finds that her daughter jenny is having the same experience. grace learns that she has suffered irreversible brain damage and jenny has severe burns all over her body and face. the prognosis for both of them is bleak and to further complicate matters arson is the suspected cause of the fire.
unfortunately time is something i cannot waste because exam is in a couple months and my preparation has barely begun. so i recently started a “don’t break the chain” system where i set myself to study a minimum of hour a day and each day i’ll cross a day on my calendar. i’m barely studying everyday. feels like i’m stuck in a vicious cycle can’t sleep at night because of dissatisfaction of my day and waking up late resulting in my own disappointment.
“you have one hour” the examiner said carelessly dropping the test envelope down in front of anya. “all the sections must be filled out” he placed a pencil at the top of the desk “any hint of cheating and your test will end immediately and you will be prohibited from testing again until next year.” anya reached for the pencil but the sharp glare from the examiner made her shrink back into her chair. “the test will begin when i say it does.” he growled walking towards his desk.
dw: unbelievable
so we're showering and i was telling him why it was that i needed these guidelines. i didn't just come out and say "z i need you to control parts of my life. i'm a control freak and i feel uneasy during the day....i need your strength and guidance." i know i know....i should have. but really? that's just so hard to say to him. i spoke carefully with no tone or any "put downs" towards him...i just told him some things that i would like for our relationship. his response?
well if you read this it may be that you will want to read the articles in full. god bless
alfred did not neglect in conveying to me the difficult times in his life. he had spoken about discrimination against the irish antiintellectualism in america and the mccarthy era. he had simply adored robert ‘cal’ lowell and in one somber moment alfred described to me in harrowing detail a night that cal showed up at athens street in full manic rage. lowell was dear to alfred. he admitted that in those days little was known of mental illness although lowell would later improve with lithium. a professor i had at usc who had had lowell for a graduate seminar saved the paper that lowell commented on. alfred went dark describing that longago night when lowell had appeared at his house in a maniac rage. the account was both harrowing as it was sobering. i’ve read lowell biographies but what alfred described to me has not been written about. it has since made me admire lowell’s ability to write at all. with that said i will not detail it nor will i describe alfred’s pain and horror at the meeting between robert frost and ezra pound at a time when pound was being evaluated for legal action for his wartime radio broadcasts. this was before st. elizabeth’s hospital. try as i might to be objective i cannot read frost’s poetry.
and so it is ever thus simplicity allowing room for all
we are so thankful for everyone who has pitched in to help out or donate
there is the knowledge that no one else has a sock exactly like it
japan airlines runs boeing service five days a week on tuesday wednesday thursday friday and sunday. the dreamliners will operate for four days excluding thursday when the airline will operate boeing .
the attack on pearl harbor called hawaii operation or operation al by the japanese imperial general headquarters was designed to prevent the us pacific fleet from interfering with their military actions in southeast asia against overseas territories of the united kingdom netherlands and the us. the japanese attack was so thorough that only aircraft and five midget submarines were lost. the us death toll was . only japanese servicemen were killed or wounded. one japanese sailor was captured.
“the farm looks wonderful george. you’ve done miracles with the place.”
everyone is going to hate this. this is very unlikely. are some people going to hate it? possibly. everyone has such wildly different tastes and what one person loves another person might loathe. which means if some people hate it...you're also going to have some people who love it.
he wondered who had told her about him.
following are the five major pilgrimages of rajasthan
shockingly parting from widespread public ignorance hill actually acknowledged two of the three necessary components of determining natural born citizenship as being place of birth and citizenship status of both parents. however she argued that “no law in new jersey obligated him (obama) to produce any such evidence in order to get on the primary ballot.”
yesterday morning as i was getting out of the shower i had the strongest feeling to contact patrick t husband of our beloved nolly posh. i have never spoken to patrick or emailed him and i was a little nervous about doing so. after all what would i say?
at best they are misguided but at worst they have got into bed with exactly the characters that genuine antifascists should be opposed to (including but not limited to islamic radicals).
. blue room (rodgers hart) :
i spent a little while the other day kitting up some new projects. all of them are biggies and are samplers but i figured once marianne is finished i'll need another big "friend" to work on.
price is alleged to have "encouraged authors to pay exaggerated literary fees and invest in nonexistent film deals" and has been charged with six counts of theft most committed over the course of several years:
i got my love of horses from my grandfather who loved his farm horse and had to give him up to the army for service. the horse did come home after the war; which was rare since most of the millions of horses used perished. i have forgotten the name of the horse but he did not come home unscathed. he returned without an eye and ill from injuries. it grieved my grandfather to have to put him down but he did. the grave was dug by hand and the horse covered in lime before covering. next morning found the horse had been unearthed by hungry neighbors for the meat.
and how about those sudden stoppers? you know those people walking in front of you in the middle of the sidewalk that just suddenly stop? these are the same people that stop at the top of escalators or right after walking through a door. are they so lonely that they crave the crotch to butt rubbing from a complete stranger? they’re just walking along and something catches their attention?
well worth a beautiful winding trip from the nearby towns of new paltz and rosendale. be sure to check out the small falls in the town of high falls and spend some restorative time at minnewaska state park mohonk and exploring the shawangunk mountains (known as “the gunks”) for a hike bike ride bouldering and worldclass climbing. this area is rife with quaint inns galleries fantastic live music creative cafes and awardwinning restaurants. get lost for a few days of bliss meandering your way through the bustling college town of new paltz picturesque rosendale and up north to woodstock. autumn is an especially spectacular time to visit this region.
rspb
well there are more that i have learnt but when all is said and done what i got was a clearer perspective of my manner of communicating and relating to others and why in some situations (both at work and at home) i fail to obtain the buyin or endup arguing with people.
for strength for vigor for its best
thanks for popping in today
ha the kids were all wondering if anyone would pick up on that. charming no?
½ tsp double action baking powder
irne jacob and jean louistrintignant at the top of their game in this intricate tale of lives governed by fate and numeracy. possibly the most magnificent directorial swansong ever. watch it and weep at the fact that kieslowski left us way too soon.
i've been doing a number of wedding party gift orders special orders.
close up of the gorgeous necklace james got me not long after we had been going out. i was about to have knee surgery and was scared shitless and he bought me home this necklace with matching earrings one day what a sweetie right?
$k a year reduce to % individual % employer (% total plus)
no ron brown shouldn’t be fired. he should quit. he works for a school that welcomes homosexuals as equals. which means he’s being paid by people who don’t share his moral values. he’s living a lie. he should retire from football and campaign fulltime for our right to fire each other purely for being gay.
you suck
also in “the war child”
bls report says that seasonally adjusted jobs were added in march … below february when were added.
"we should be in the business of living not making a living.” lucien bourjeily
all agreed the event was successful. we reinforced our message made it clear that the issue of the disappearing wallace trick had not gone away. we live in hope some kind of groundwork was laid for a positive outcome a very short distance down the road.
and it turned out perfectly. i served it with baked garlic fries fresh green beans the most delicious au jous ever and fresh crusty bread. it was amazing and a big step up from the baked ham we usually have but don't actually like. jp drove off i put the kids to bed and then i watched mad men all by myself and got totally freaked out after googling the story of the serial killer rapist referred to in the show.
"hold on a moment said the cashier. we'll talk to gloucester and see what we can do."
bill ayer's girlfriend weather underground member diana oughton transformed from an ebullient young woman to an emaciated zombie. she was killed when a nail bomb she was building exploded demolishing a greenwich village townhouse.
xo tricia
“that is my ship” he said.
we’ve all heard the phrase “step into their shoes” because it works.
there is a huge struggle in france between the prosecution and the instruction judge. breham says that unlike a prosecutor this independent judge has investigative powers to subpoena officials from dcn and access documents in the dcn offices to obtain evidence of commissions. the judge can also request “mutual criminal assistance” from the malaysian authorities for purposes of information and cooperation. so far there is no indication that malaysian officials intend to cooperate.
she made me a cd of an old family video from showing everyone much younger and slimmer. i got misty looking at my father lifting his grand kids while my mother sat in the grass playing tea party with her two year old granddaughter. now she is blind and my father can't walk without a walker and barely has strength to get up out of a chair. the most poignant was seeing my brother mike again. it's been ten years since he's been gone. being a television director he mostly handled the camera as we barbecued hamburgers and hot dogs. i laughed when i saw the size of it perched on his shoulder. man would he love the small video recorders they have now. at one point the kids were watching t.v. and stand by me was playing and it was at the part of "barfarama." my family now watching the video laughs at the odd placement of the hilarious scene in our families documentry. mike begins laughing as he records it and my mother is in the background saying "you're going to put that in the family video? honestly"
given the subject matter i knew i wanted to be evocative yet not overt if for no other reason than to avoid angering a particular set of folks (and their lawyers). i also knew i needed something which would look good when reduced to thumbnail size so “simple yet eyecatching” seemed to be the rule of the day. after seeing how that could be done to great effect such as with john scalzi’s forthcoming novel redshirts i doodled around for a bit came up with a basic idea then did the smart thing: i hired somebody who knows what they’re doing. the result? behold:
here is the gorgeous stamp i have used..............
the spotlight comes up and the crowd applauds as the master of ceremonies strides onstage. ooo i'm getting a bit nervous. take a deep breath.
we raise our children to say thankyou whenever they receive something from someone’s generosity. however it takes time and lifeexperience for our children to understand the real power behind thanks.
in episode one “cats don’t laugh” rin has been hired to find a missing cat and instead ends up saving koki a very confused young man who feels like his memories are his but false. he wants rin to help him figure out why and she does even though he can’t pay. they end up visiting some secret science facility and battling clone zombies and it’s all done in a very assured atmospheric manner that brings you right in to the story. rin’s assistant mimi is the largeeyed superenergetic equivalent to rin’s more somber approach meaning the show keeps its energy in good balance – with rin the show can be serious and moody and with mimi the show can be goofy or serious with a bit of bombast.
vicki and debbi have more compatible writing styles which means that the album as a whole sounds more consistent and the majority of the songs are classic west coast jangly pop at its best but it does miss the experimental and slightly more edgy contribution that steele brought to the table. interestingly it seems that drummer debbi peterson has taken on part of her mantle and produced some of the more interesting songs such as the delightfully poignant ‘one of two’. elsewhere you can always rely on susanna hoffs to produce a one or two decent ballads and vicki peterson to chip in a couple of individual efforts and provide those curious subneil young blustery solos.
but it hurts me. it controls me. it makes me sick. it is a toxin i have to get out.
as you can tell from the cover art by talented new york artist scott altmann this series belongs firmly at the fantasy end of my writing spectrum whereas my previous novel “i am the great horse” (told by alexander the great’s warhorse bucephalas) lay firmly at the historical end.
there are only views and no comments on youtube as of : this morning chicago time for the piece is being introduced here. go have a listen leave a comment if you feel so moved and spare a thought for hitchens and his family. thank you andrew.
“mmm hmm. he just started.” i couldn’t help but share more — the young man was being quite tender and i could sense him inviting me to open up. “it’s the first time we’ve been away from each other all day and it hasn’t been so easy.”
you are led to believe that the phone will save you when you are in trouble. totally untrue. suppose you are stuck under a rubble just after an earthquake. believe me the phone will be out of the reach. or even if it is with you the networks will be down. why? simply because of the mobile towers – they would have fallen with the buildings you silly thing
makes six servings each serving has about . grams of carbs and . grams of protein.
the blog is dark until may except for fridays so i shall see you next friday for the next roundup of prompts.
while walking around and exploring this afternoonvening i came across a sign that made me laugh out loud...posted right in front of a public pool was this sign explaining that bathing suits are required. i didn't realize at first that it meant no boardshorts or baggy swim trunks allowed basically speedos only. i had a good chuckle for a minute wondering if people really needed to be told that they had to wear bathing suits to the pool
. (applause)
processed foods are those that you or someone else has begun to prepare or has prepared for you. it’s a food that’s already taken it’s first leap into “doneness” so to speak. canning for example is an example of food processing. so is drying or freezing foods.
immediately the black woman materialized by the clerk. “i’ll take over here” she said. “why don’t you finish ringing up mrs. withers?”
back when i was i loved driving home. from anywhere. we lived out west of town and the ride home was always a good or minutes. i hated that drive when i was on my way someplace. hated it when i had to be home by a certain time. but when i was coming home from a date or hanging with my friends or even from work. man that was sweet. the air. the music.
i think it was summer joe said it was september.
studying for the ged can be daunting. students may be embarrassed to go to a program to study be nervous about additional costs or think that they could do a better job with their own schedule. flc has a ged section to our website that can answer any question you might have about getting a ged; testing places program sites online resources and faqs.
we need to be sympathetic: we need to be more concerned about other people’s needs than our own. one problem with modern churches is that we tend to flatter people so much in our advertizing that they come into church thinking that the church is there to serve them. actually the church is there to serve them by giving them an opportunity to serve others.
earlier in the week i watched a magnificently beautiful video that features the photos of two photographers who are on staff at first united methodist church in melbourne. i was reminded by the amazingly magnificent images that my husband–who died in may –was the person who taught me to recognize and appreciate the beauty in nature.
somehow that small scene from this morning has stuck with me all daythat amidst all the recent negative muni coverage there are still small beams of hope shining through all the mess.
twentyone guns
albert rengerpatzsch ( gelatin silver print and book )
have you ever walked into the lobby of a hotel and received a “feeling” of positive building energy? a place where the entire staff always greets you as you walk by. interaction between guest and staff seems genuine sincere and consistent. a sense of teamwork is noticed and felt.
her photos quietly with little effortit seems...transcend.
to enter please fill out the following form.
nine letters per name please.
notes: tremulous voice is a must; however tasting like a peanut is not necessary.
that new freaky book fifty shades of gray by e. l. james
bring to a low simmer reduce heat and simmer for minutes. you can keep this warm on the stovetop for about hours or transfer to a slow cooker set on warm if desired until ready to serve.
i could see that they were trying to make me feel better. it was nice to feel whisked away like they just wanted me to be cheerful instead of pissed off and sad.
also gratuitous pic of alisha from misfits as the same production company is involved.
the overriding question i have asked myself is who governs? the conclusion i have reached today is no one. i have followed in jonathan powell’s machiavellian footsteps in offering up one or two suggestions in how to wield power from the town hall.¹
this love…is wrong…
tapper: did you actually write the ron paul
false teachings of new age "healers"
banana man: you got it.
denny’s second win is important. for one if the bottom falls out on this team they are going to make the chase as a wild card. two seems to be the magic number to qualify if you are out of the top ten in points. secondly it could be foreshadowing who is a title contender this year. after coming up short in to jimmie johnson and a forgetful the fedex boys with new crew chief darian grubb should not be taken lightly. think about this darian grubb as crew chief for tony stewart and denny hamlin has won of the last races run in the sprint cup series. i’m not good at math but that’s almost % of the races won.
i have a strong ability to understand other people and what motivates them even if i absolutely disagree with their ends or methods. and i know that othering people convincing yourself that they are evil or not quite human is what helps us to kill. but i cannot fathom how or why anyone anywhere could do that to a child. it is beyond the realm of anything i can conceive of. it is humanity at its very worst and the pictures left me breathless in horror.
the army said it is “currently monitoring samegender sex crime for a potential increase in forcible sodomy and other sex offenses related to the disassociation of homosexuality from the crime itself.”
the brief was ‘opposites’ to make neckwear – experimenting with print shape andr colour. i should explain the way my imagination works is if there is a box with the obvious inside i’m jumping on top of it like a deranged rebel punk the obvious doesn’t appeal to me at all and so the cogs started turning.
i’ll let you know soon as she kicks the thing.
. you didn't try to call me
the liner is black but leans more on the gray side hence the name granite ink.
plucked up to cover your act.
y'all found any fab clothing lately? i need an anthro intervention
and fruits magically appear…
the other says "she's waiting for him to kick off"
the independent says that it doesn't know if the iea receives donations from the tobacco industry. nor do i and i don't care but i would hazard a guess that as a free market think tank it receives a good deal of money from various industries and that some of these industries may benefit from the government's red tape challenge. presumably then littlewood is not a fit and proper person to discuss the regulation of any industry particularly since he has "nailed his colours to the mast" by speaking out in favour of free markets.
hello everyone…. time for more fish porn… some new some old some very old.. but great pictures none the less…..
 buy . eurcad . . +.
the nation’s rising rate of obesity has been wellchronicled. but businesses governments and individuals are only now coming to grips with the costs of those extra pounds many of which are even greater than believed only a few years ago: the additional medical spending due to obesity is double previous estimates and exceeds even those of smoking a new study shows.
in my design work putting the time and thought into coming up with a design solution that is everything the client wants brings me great joy.
speakeasy double daddy good stuff
i walk a fine line between "the need for plans & schedules" and "getting bored easily". i need to have a schedule and to make a plan but i need to remake them all the time and always have a new one so i don't get bored. i would be perfectly happy eating the same breakfast and wearing the same outfit every day but there is no way i can stick to the same exercise routine or same earrings every day.
for the second doll i realized there were a lot of stories coming in with your entries. each one touched my heart and i wish i could give a doll to every one who wants one especially those kids who don't get to see one parent or another as often as one might wish. so i went through the stories did a little research and chose my second winner not randomly but on a "she so needs a daddy doll" reaction.
me? i'd rather have spring come slower and later and have more fruit survive.
to tell you “i love you” as i fall asleep. because even though i have tried i can’t say it to you when i am awake.
and with that chickadees i’m off to walk into the sunshine and then to my desk until it’s time to see what i’m really made of.
gfz potsdam – earthquake bulletin
one selfsame figure sits or walks or leans:
this weekend was our pta's silent auction. it's a fancy schmancy event where people are supposed to dress nice drink wine and spend too much money in front of their kids' friends parents. it's actually quite successful in that respect. i'm told we made $k this year; this was the rd one we've done and we do better and better every year.
here's what he had to say about it:
my hearing and tongue are come to me (a little child taught me)
both krugman and reich offer the same “economic” shtick over and over again: borrow more money. spend more money. print more money. repeat ad infinitum until the next nationallevel collapse andr revolution.
loving? too much.
according to the opinion by circuit judge gajarsa
first off i hate flying. hate it. i am so thankful the trip from oakland to la was just about hours or so. it’s not just the whole iamthousandsoffeetoffthegroundandcouldpotentiallyplummettomydeathatanymoment train of thought it’s also the recycled air the germs the strangers who won’t share the damn arm rest the inability to stretch my legs plus sitting in the middle seat instead of an aisle seat as i prefer (since hubby is so tall and really needs the aisle seat).
we actually did year pictures the weekend before with a smash cake and he was hilarious. we will get those soon from mallory krieger photograhy. thanks mal. :)
. bring the boys back home (:)
we had a perfect day at the zoo today where we met some new friends. (i love all of the sweet people god has been placing in our lives as a direct result of my sweet nora–people i might never have met.) early this morning in prayer and conversation with god i told him that i wanted to hear a lion roar at the zoo. if you’ve ever had the experience of hearing a lion roar in person it is nothing short of incredible the power of it shakes through your entire body and can be heard up to miles away you can physically feel the sound of it. it wasn’t that i was testing god or that i doubt him. i just wanted some tangible obvious reassurance that he hears me and that he’s here with me. we saw some sleepy lions this afternoon none of which had anything to roar about. never at any point was i disappointed or upset about not hearing a lion roar. i know god is with me i know he hears me. it wasn’t until just now that i read this particular bible verse that i even remembered my request.
welcome to my post this week for metamorphosis monday thanks to susan of between naps on the porch for hosting this weekly event where we see what amazing transformations are going on in blogland
mummy loves you and mummy hopes to care the fullest for you. mummy hope you understand that the reason that mummy works hard is to make sure that you got will be given a better life in time to come. mummy feels sorry for not able to give you a 'father' but mummy promise that i will always be there when you needed the 'father' figure. mummy hope you understand in time to come that you always a precious baby to mummy.
we were great during those years. i was happy with my two children. i knew i would not have anymore and i was fine with that.
the nice people at sesame street live gave me tickets to see elmo's healthy heroes with yearold sarina... ironically i got sick just before the show. sarina the little person who got me sick mind you was feeling better though so my parents took her to see it at nassau coliseum in uniondale ny.
“honey i was thinking about what you said yesterday and i have some ideas. would you like to hear them?”
when an entity redemption is not a viable option a cross purchase agreement might be an alternative. but it can be cumbersome if there are several people involved. for example if there are four business owners they would each have to purchase life insurance policies on each of the other three owners for a total of policies. also an owner who retires and wants to collect his or her accumulated benefits will trigger a taxable event and forfeit the taxdeferred gain in the policy.
there is a great opportunity for you to take action now on seeing an end to extreme poverty in may through the live below the line campaign (eating and drinking on less than $aud $.usd £gbp per day each day for five days may )…
she can also correctly point to the following body parts when asked: nose hair ear foot belly tongue (the last one she just sticks out at you).
telegraph.co.uk
but i read on and found the story so carefully particular in its construction of character and detail and the progression toward "truth" so inexorable that i was carried easily first into acceptance and then into intent almost desperate interest. and now having read it my questions are much more philosophicalwhat price is safety worth? and how does the telling of the past shape the present? it became in my mind as much an extended metaphor as a straight story and although i probably won't reread it it will stick in my mind just fine regardless. this was leah bobet's first book and i'll definitely be reading her second
having an introverted personality is perfectly normal and healthy. things become less healthy when one tries to be what one is not due to societal pressures. walking the walk and talking the talk of the extravert will not leave you feeling very comfortable in your skin. accepting and loving who and what you are will empower you to do the most with the special gifts that your introverted disposition has graced you with – that innate power that you own to delve deeply into your mind and experience life on a level many can never hope to have access to.
my name is little miss drama queen
in punjabi sikh culture men and women sit on separate sides of the center aisle at a wedding or other religious service. i don't think it's a rule or anything just tradition (though weddings tend to bring out the tradition in people to the point where it might as well be a rule). punjabis also do a lot of socializing in samegender groups.
. the science the scientist technology and the technologist they are all one. and its characteristic is unmanifest all possibility invincibility. to unfold that is the purpose of education
i do know though that someone's beautiful.
the huge baskets from target ($) are a really an important part of the design.
the spiritually perfected ones thus contended in sloka the following contention:
and you stumble
icon of darkness reversal of flesh
i think we all need some down time once and awhile don't you? and...if you happen to be visiting san francisco in the near future be sure and visit the nob hill spa. it's fabu
it’s no longer my birthday. the dishwasher is broken. everyone has left and i’m alone in the house with the ironing the washing and the clearing up. we’ve run out of eggs the oven needs cleaning the kitchen floor needs hoovering and i still have to get the crumbs and bits of sellotape out of my side of the bed.
alright now i've got the majority of the stuff into the suitcases but i can't find my house keys. i've spent the last minutes tearing my desk apart looking for them but now that i think about it i'm pretty sure they got left in the ignition after the car accident. i'm pretty sure i remember my aunt telling me the guy who towed it would mail them to me. oy this is stressful.
though its not perfect its certainly much better than before not pictured is the new watering station i made for the dogs. i bought two matching stainless steel bowls and a waterproof mat. much nicer than the mismatched plastic bowls on the fireplace.
i have become a hestitant blogger. if i don't have any writing news i don't know what to write (here). or i do but there is a voice in my head saying 'whogivesashit?'.
mustard seeds th tsp
i didn’t realize that the contest runs until may so despite the huge lead we mustn’t be complacent. vote for the cats.
"but a lot of it must be brought to the door of responsibility of those in power within the anc. there's been a very rapid promotion and enrichment quite obscenely so of a small number of senior cadres."
and what he did to the two kings of the amorites east of jordan to sihon king of heshbon and to og king of bashan at ashtaroth.
first off the title: “why wasn’t cabin in the woods scary?” i hoped the article was going to educate those who were missing the point because they were disappointed over the movie’s real nature (nonstop funny smart wellcharacterized—the list goes on but “scary” isn’t on it) but instead the writers used it as a soap box to discuss what the movie allegedly did wrong … thus missing the point themselves.
the courtroom will bellow
i was talking to one of the girls at the dinner who got married a couple years ago. i asked her for her advice on wedding planning and she told me to figure out what the top three most important things about the wedding are for me and not to stress about the rest.
cup quick cooking oats
all people were actually willing to support the movement even including the young male graduates here in australia. ajak one of the organizers of the fundraising encourages all young men to get along. “you men you have to contribute these are the girls whom you go yearly and pinch off your wives among them from overseas. support us so that we educated them” she said. this is an encouraging reality.
) there is no right way to scrapbook. these are your books and whether you use no embellishments or top notch supplies...your family will cherish them forever.
 corinthians : we destroy arguments and every lofty opinion raised against the knowledge of god and take every thought captive to obey christ
how do you get your ideas? do you use real events in your novels and if so can you describe one? i draw from my travels adventures and people i meet when i plot books. for example in the summer my life began the surfing scene is very close to my own first time surfing. in my spy series the specialists i got my fight scenes and training scenes from my own mma experiences.
antonio gramsci () marxist intellectual and politician “believed that it was necessary first to delegitimize the dominant belief systems of the predominant groups and to create a “counterhegemony” (i.e. a new system of values for the subordinate groups) before the marginalized could be empowered. moreover because hegemonic values permeate all spheres of civil society — schools churches the media voluntary associations — civil society itself he argued is the great battleground in the struggle for hegemony the “war of position.” from this point too followed a corollary for which gramsci should be known (and which is echoed in the feminist slogan) — that all life is “political.” thus private life the work place religion philosophy art and literature and civil society in general are contested battlegrounds in the struggle to achieve societal transformation.” this according to fonte “is the very core of the gramscianhegelian world view — groupbased morality or the idea that what is moral is what serves the interests of “oppressed” or “marginalized” ethnic racial and gender groups.” “the concept of ‘internalized oppression’ is the same as the hegelianmarxist notion of ‘false consciousness’ in which people in the subordinate groups ‘internalize’(and thus accept) the values and ways of thinking of their oppressors in the dominant groups.” “this is classic hegelianmarxist thinking — actions (including free speech) that ‘objectively’ harm people in a subordinate class are unjust (and should be outlawed).”
semiconductor bracelets are here to fulfill and theire is meet feat to farm from supermarkets to proms and from movies to churches all for varying causes.
dr. leena also gave me a script for “prescription toothpaste” marketed under the name “prevident .” like i’m going to show up at some pharmacy and ask for prescription toothpaste.
rice cup
samsung lnb ″ lcd tv – b review
as i was searching for the perfect dress i realized that the cabin fever sale was loaded with stylish lbds at some pretty wonderful prices. so in honoring my own personal girl code always tell other girls about amazing fashion deals i naturally felt obligated to share the good finds with other fashionistas.
my book is set in a nearfuture moscow with the main male character named artyom and a segment of the very poor populace living underground in the abandoned metro system.
on the topic of bringing back beer i returned from orlando with a few goodies. more on that later.
the decision to publish the information referenced in your request and the guide figures used were established at an informal meeting where no minutes were taken and as such there are no records held that can be disclosed under the freedom of information act (foi).
of course you can tweak this strategy to meet the needs of your students andr the purpose of your instruction. depending on the length of the text i may increase the number of facts andr opinions that i would ask the students to find. i would love to use the articles from the comprehension toolkit so that the students could actually mark right on the articleespecially the "x" i think that that would be cool.
the effort now known as interoccupy started out of occupy wall street in new york in midoctober. it has since grown into an elaborate website with multiple weekly phone calls during which occupiers trade ideas coordinate multistate actions and plan for the future. participants at about occupations around the country (and a few internationally) have now participated in the calls organizers tell me.
as for mods there really aren’t that many. you may remember that i really really prefer knitting my socks toeup but i just didn’t have the energy to convert this pattern. i didn’t want to lose the cool foot and my brain is just way too all over the place to create some nifty solution. instead i bit the bullet and followed the pattern.
that´s why i fit them in the already mentioned × and × bases. same bases as for the infantry. two mounted figures fit nicely in a × base and keeps them knee against knee when representing heavy or medium cavalry.
see the wsj article at:
our invisibility is hurting us.
list of a r rahman filmfare awards:
on to the ode to kira pictures of her first eight years
enjoy the art of dreaming. go wherever you choose to go. be whatever you desire.
tarts:
sometimes through no fault of our own we forget what humility is and how much it can mean to another who is need of consoling. so with out me preaching any further just remember spare a thought for someone else once in while when you can. karma will be kind to you if do..
and we’re back with the results of indieful rok’s “i am a singer” indie daydream reader’s choice poll
my point is that in honor of valentine’s day and our anniversary kasie decided to give me more work.
our group is unique in that we try to represent as many aspects of the children's market as we can. each of us has interests in various aspects of it and we wanted to use our group and our blog to investigate those aspects and gather resources that have helped us and will help others.
the personal health of the director shalt be besieged; her teeth her eyeballs and her hypertension being not spared. the good friend of the script supervisor shalt be persuaded that deciding to marry and planning a wedding shouldst both be done in less than a month and the date must conflict with the busiest scheduled day of shooting. the relative of the assistant camera shalt be made due to purge her offspring from her womb.
another day i took jamie and my dad on the crouching lion hike. the trailhead is impossible to find but somehow we did (look for the pinkrange markers and go straight into the jungle). from there you climb the ridge line of the mountain. having cliffs to each side of you makes for a thrilling trek while the view catches your breath. we went as far as we could until we thought the wind would bulldoze us to our deaths. my dad was a trooper. his shoes had no traction and i thought he might slip ...or have a heart attack. speaking of death jam and i got caught in a riptide. that was scary for a second but we got out of it before the lifeguards had to come get us. sort of...
jose bienvenido gomez new york n.y.
well since then i have had a couple people tell me that they have been following my blog and it made me realize that it's not about that one person or two or three it's about me and sharing what i go through so other people don't feel alone or shamed. that we all can feel like we are in this together because we are. we are all in this together the good the bad and the ugly.
i tell the guards i didn’t do it but they tell me that’s what people like us always say.
but the best part of the day is
. let out a good cry nearly once a day. ok so maybe that’s more me than her…
a bizarre assertion? well did anybody notice the near total lack of antiamerican themes during the arab spring? it may not have been assange's intent... but that felicitous outcome was the exact thing that he wrought and maybe our leaders should ponder the lucky break.
why:
and here's the big finish: can you name the pitcher with at least innings pitched whose era is closest to pi? obviously i wouldn't ask unless it was absolutely the perfect the perfect pitcher for such a thrilling designation. you ready?
the thing that makes it hard is that i don’t feel my age. i don’t remember what being thirty was like exactly but for the most part i feel the same kind of energy that i did back then. in many ways i feel better about myself and where i am with life. it’s the age thing and the physical changes that catch me off guard. since there is nothing that can be done about the age i decided a few months ago october to be exact that i was going to do something about the physical.
we discovered adorable postcard shops in les halles and picked up a few souvenirs. we roamed aimlessly at night along streets illuminated by the soft glow of lampposts and past the seine disturbed only by quiet ripples.
i will be sticking to pps and no weekly pps until tomorrow. it's not been easy at time because it's not a lot of food. i haven't been able to exercise from having a migraine attack but am hoping i'll see results on the scale on tuesday. i'll then be introducing my weeklies back in.
 tbl of garlic olive oil
after logging in to the bank’s real site account holders are being tricked by the offer of training in a new “upgraded security system”.
now i have no clue how this got started or anything but since it is monday today and i won something then i am so into thinking and hoping that i will win something else later this week. it puts a smile on my face and a little spring in my step.
prompted by their decision to have a baby move out of manhattan and become suburbanites john donatich wrote the most honest funny sensitive paeon to fatherhood that i've ever read. beginning and ending with the birth of rafaella donatich's book is made up of a series of vignettes that examine his upbringing his early career his friendship with betsy the melding of their catholic and jewish cultures depression miscarriage and pregnancy (with a hilarious take on the lamaze boot camp).
i know i have been mia for a while but i have been very busy working on two big projects. the one project just hit the half way mark i am now officially weeks pregnant. if you are like me you will understand why i haven't gotten any projects done. the first trimester really kills my motivation. i am so sick and so tired that i literally do nothing and now that i have a toddler i learned how hard it is to be pregnant with your second child. way harder then the first :) oh well. i hit the second trimester and now i am working diligently to finish unfinished projects and start new ones that will be necessary to bring home my new baby girl
first question for any readers out there: how the hell do you learn quebecois french when you aren’t in high school?
but that’s not the way it went. tolkien ran frodo through the ringer before he was done and that’s what you have to do with your characters as well.
j.d: hey mr. coleman how are you feeling?
it's just as bad here in the uk.we used to be proud nation leading the way in social policyeducation and healthcare.now we are the most watched nation on the planet.we have cameras everywhere watching our every move while the poorer get poorer and the richer get richer.we have one of the worst literacy rates in the developed world so what hope is there for our youngsters.unemployment is uphome repossessions are uphouse prices are fallingmore businesses are being liquidatedfood is dearer every week we go shoppingutilities prices are up % from last year and we out source more and more work to the far east too.
the operation appears to be success util the poor guy is attacked by the janitor one night and kills him in selfdefense. looking at the corpse he has a complication to eat it. cannibalism is one heck of a side effect to brain transplant surgery no? he lumers off to find frankenstein to ask for help. unfortunately he blows frankenstein’s true idetty in the process.
) establishment of the principle of retaliation
i've left no one off the list by intent...if i missed someone it's an oversight.
depending on how long you let each candle burn for you will on average get massages out of each tin . priced at £. i think they are a bargain and will definitely put you in the mood for lurrrrve.
last tuesday my friend took me to omakase
one benefit is the technology is proprietary to lrgp and not used under license via penske or dr malcolm smith. thus lrgp are free to use and develop this technology freely.
jim introduces us to his story by describing his great success in all things financial and how this success brought him to china. the book he writes is the story of how he came to save over babies between and . when i interviewed him in garrow claimed to have saved . by it had apparently risen to (p. ) the number had climbed to and now in it stands at (pink pagoda "introduction"). in his introduction he also admits that many might call him a "human trafficker" an accusation he freely and enthusiastically embraces.
my islam is pelagius upholding truth against the prevailing lies
gingrich: this week will be the most important
. bird is the word the word challenge is "promise"(i incorporated the word as part of the title of the layout) and
those stinkers i am sure my little kiddos snuck them and tried to hide the evidence
the stuff that used to work well it don’t work now
song of midnight (china…maxu weibang)
"sure there is look in the couch cushions. those cheerios can hold you over for at least another week."
i think most britons have a love of spring.......the lighter less chilly days.......the little splashes of colour from the spring flowers......the bursting forth of the forsythia bushes.......the newborn lambs in the fields........."oh to be in england now that spring is here"....okay i changed "april" to "spring".....but you get my drift.....that was by the poet robert browning by the way...........
observe how instantly your body manifests a grateful feeling.
i remained silent and waited. nothing. it would appear to be an entirely altruistic gesture. we’ll see i guess when i neck one. a day later the lout had been in the fridge and i settled down to one. the bottle informs me it is a .% chill filtered lager. “premium” % brands have arguably had some success with lower alcohol % spin offs. the stronger spin offs from the standard % brands seem to die a death pretty quickly. there is a logic to this the % brands have a bit of authenticity to them but if you don’t want to get too pissed up you can manage it on %. when standard brands go up market they appear to be standard with more alcohol rather than actual premium products. how will this fair? anyone’s guess. carling has a new brand out called “chrome” in this category so i guess it’s time for brand extensions all over again.
or i’ve trapped myself in it
there is no plain meat that tastes as good as meat that is cooked on the grill when you are trying to eat clean and healthy being able to grill meat is a must i live in northwest indiana and as anyone who knows this area can tell you we have more winter than summer and the temperature can change by degrees in one day this makes using an outdoor grill difficult to do year round. this is what makes me so thankful for the invention of the indoor grill
the prospectuses of somerville and pattison are remarkably similar. they even trotted out the same expert lawrence briant to say how great the brewery buildings and plant were. even the size of the breweries was the same: barrel a year capacity. both based on their contacts in the trade took a very optimistic view of their future prospects and profits. what could possibly go wrong? as it turns out lots. though far more spectacularly in the case of pattison. both breweries however remained in operation until the 's.
germaine dulac visual and antivisual films .
i am genuinely distraught over the idea of having to be at school am tomorrow for a lecture on copywriting. it’s so dull. i have yet to be on time to this class and for once am planning to make an exception.
the depression was quite bad and really it was the patience of sarah kind words from my dad plus various messages and calls from people that came in out of the blue and generally thinking about all the folks that have been routing for me that saw me through.
when maintenance documents come due the trademark practitioner and the business client should undertake an investigation into the scope of use of the mark before any documents are signed and filed with the pto. trademark attorneys should consider reaching out to their clients to start the conversation well before the deadline to file the documents. the ttab will consider the steps taken by the signatory to confirm the accuracy of the statements to determine whether the applicantegistrant "should have known" about any misstatements.
yup unfortunately i”m still taking a break from the blog. i actually did write a lengthy piece a few weeks ago but wordpress accidentally erased it all which was super discouraging. anywho i’ve been business with a lot of other projects and haven’t really been in the frame of mind to get back to blogging about skeptical issues. but i do plan to return at some point in the near future.
try and reach it if you can.
every couple of days.
i simply inked and layered then added the sentiment.
i have two sets of vinyl stencils to give away. although i did not make the rosemary crate i have recently created the stencil. you get all four stencils.
or maybe it's my love of cooking that makes me drawn to
think of it like this… some of us (from what spirit keeps repeating in my head is about or so of us walking around on earth right now) have hybrid dna within us. direct from our star clusterelestial daddy’s (and it is so much more than just pleiadian energy that just happens to be my genetic coding there are many others.)
but all this was of local importance. ralph allen had very limited success marketing his stone further afield and so his influence did not extend beyond his own city.
the ethnic and epic dimensions of the guyanese people must also be examined. the long and short of the position is that he or she must make the people agree.
take all vegetable ends and egg shells and boil in large stock pot for three hours
a few years ago my boss had our volunteer services team read a book called “the five love languages” by gary chapman. at first i was a little confused about why in the world she would ask us to read this book for work. but it didn’t take me very long to figure out the benefit of this book in my work and also in my home.
junior year in high school my heart was razed by a senior. we met in trig. he was first chair vocalist in the state choir. amazing. and he had floppy bangs.
samukange chihuri and gwindi went to chief masembura (his mutupo was mwoyo and his chidawo was muzukuru) to ask lands for their sons and chief masembura agreed. he showed them from the hill called ngomakurira right through where makumbe mission is today near to a hill called makove. chief masembura agreed to give this part of his country for their sons because their father chinamaringa had married siti daughter of mangwende and the mother of mazarura. mangwende and masembura were brothers.
on ofl we have a nice article on a kitchen garden:
i could stand under this streetlight
she swallowed knowing what he was asking. “sure.”
visitors to dokmai garden often ask when the best time is for flowers. that is a tricky question as that depends on what you want to see. there are always some species in blossom no matter when you come. many tourists avoid this time of the year the hot season (we have °c right now slight wind clouds building up hinting a possibility for rain) but as i have suggested earlier this time could also be called the wildflower season.
“i don’t think you can have a discussion on nofault reform without thoroughly analyzing and discussing it” rep. phil cavanagh a democrat from redford township said of the michigan catastrophic claims association. “people need to be told what’s going on behind closed doors.”
again these cards measure x inches.
it’s not all bad. to others it will sound shocking terrifying unfathomable but if i can survive and come through my muck ~ so too can any person who makes the choice to.
daniels cusses him out and when he comes back daniels claims he is on the phone.
this is the quote for september
learn in order to have an enriching life.
and...as i continue to marvel at the frenetic energy of street life in nyc i also seek and enjoy moments of serendipity with objects and words placed by other intervening like minds. you can follow various street art blogs and stay on top of these things online worldwide which is fun...but comparatively nothing beats the discovery of an object placed in public with a special intention for you to see it and perhaps interact with it.
in los angeles golden bridge yoga tuesday february th pm
it touches a nerve in me every time.
if you agree you’ve got a chance to weigh in right now.
bad news: it takes up two hours of my life that i could be spending actually learning things that are relevant to my future.
the journey has begun.
“i believe scenario # best addresses the criteria detailed in the school boundary review procedure and as prioritized by the boundary review committee” says david euale director of education for the halton district school board. “fundamentally scenario # sees the new school as a community school striving to serve the needs of the students in the area in which the school is built.”
and you gotta use snowflakes.
for the last two decades or so our hamburger meat has been “beefed up” with filler made from groundup ammoniatreated beef scraps sinew and connective tissue. formally known as boneless lean beef trimmings (blbt) the food industry says it’s wholesome safe and delicious. but recent media reports about this “pink slime” are making people take a closer look at what they’re eating.
knee is still not normal yet so i forewent my walk again. i may take wednesday off too but i am definitely going to walk again starting on thursday even if it really is just one mile a day for a while.
we also have a wonderful working model of what would eventually be the grand ballroom scene; however it's not clear when yale built this model. it could come from the postfair years when daviscoatsatencio were running the show. so in the end it's hard to tell just what the mansion would have looked like inside if rolly and yale had had their way and it had opened in as originally planned when they took charge. what kind of show would you have seen step by step? we know it would have been a walkthru. in fact the reason there are two stretching rooms is that in the crumpgracey years they were planning two complete walkthru attractions exact duplicates side by side in order to handle the crowds. between the sea captain character and the guided walkthru format it also sounds like they were planning to continue using ken anderson's basic template. beyond that it's sketchy. this brochure announcing a opening isn't much help.
found in the peace with growth’s nature
so i’m planning to try out a tweak on if charts when we get there with my regular classes (we’re about ready to start the unit when we return from christmas break in january). we’ll try drawing iff charts (if and only if charts…?). the extra f (in the middle if you couldn’t tell) is for a forcevstime graph. here’s what i’m thinking…
today while on a trip to saffron walden to look at some brewlab brewing kit we went to indian summer brewery. a new bbl plant in a prefabricated wooden shed inside a large warehouse belonging to a timber merchant. a very strange set up indeed and not the place i expected to find someone brewing beer with the sole intention to sell to indian restaurants. however the sparge was on when we arrived and barrels of pale wort was being transferred into the kettle by brewer jules and consultant mike hitchen from brewlab.
and what about the skin? because the skin contains fats canned salmon with skin will have a higher omega count than skinless. i hate the slimy skin but love the bones and want to make sure that the fat adjacent to the skin is included. thus i opt for the traditional salmon with skin doctor it myself and increase my portions a tad.
in fact when i came to find time to read the book i discovered that the story of concetta tancredi and angelica is an aspect and consequence of a much wider story that of the ways both politically and psychologically prince salina handles or fails to handle the social changes taking place around him.
there is a strange twist to the high street – literally. from the church it seems to curve to the right which is the direction taken by motor traffic. the further section however is called surrey road. the high street itself continues by shooting off to the left now as a pedestrian precinct the beginning of which is marked by the millennium clock. littlehampton is in my opinion a lovely little town. it looks good and is a comfortable place to be in. lapses in taste are therefore all the more surprising and to be regretted. i am prompted to that remarks because this is the ugliest millennium clock i have so far encountered. i assume it is supposed to represent a lighthouse but if so it’s a pretty naff attempt. i do hope they knock it down and put up something more becoming to their pretty town.
one of my favourite things i found while i was out this weekend were these fab sneakers:
i'm sorry? kids will enjoy hearing this?
she took a shower then prayed.after that she went downstairs to have lunch with the rest of the family .her mother and her sister were watching her as she was savouring every bite of her food.she looked weird but none of them said something.
awn alkhasawneh jordan’s prime minister has resigned during an official visit to turkey and will be replaced by fayez altarawneh.
“you nearly scared me to death” i say and tell him about the attack on my mother – a month ago now.
admittedly i'm not sure i'd like to be some design whizz like joseph altuzarra (who i may or may not have a tiny tiny crush on). the idea of playing with monkey fur is.... a bit... erm... repellent.
we've tried to punish myanmar's military government for human rights abuses by cutting off trade possibilities for its people. if sanctions were lifted could u.s. companies and local citizens both benefit? if we stopped insisting on isolating the alreadyisolated military government might their methods gradually soften? i don't know for sure but if what you've been doing has spent decades not working isn't it time to try something else?
essential viewing:
then when i opened my facebook an old flame sent me a message. i kept seeing his name at my facebook sidebar but i couldn’t add him because i still feel guilty for what i did to him. well i had the courage the other day. he quickly accepted and even asked me: “hi how are you?” i replied “i’m fat thank you. how about you?” maybe he’d reply tomorrow. whatever it is he’s gonna say i assume we’re okay now. he probably forgot the past already and i am probably the only one holding a grudge against myself. after all decades have passed. maybe it’s the same with the others.
you can't upload .gif files into flickr so adding it to your blog post will require that you upload the animation gif directly from the drive that you saved it to.
voodoo guy you were the ones who started it you wanted to defy hell and now hell has accepted the challenge
she jabbed her arm out suddenly real impolite.
~please include your stamping resume if you have one.
groups: rock jazz classical and folk. the players on flarf orchestra
please note: contact details for uk and overseas publishers will be incorporated on the mfw curran website in the coming months. before then should you wish to contact me regarding any publishing matters please do so at mfwcurran@talktalk.net and i will forward your email to my agent.
indeed there are "zillions and twillions" of real bunnies running around miniature sets in "night of the lepus" which was one of a group of "critter on the loose" films produced during the s that included "empire of the ants" "food of the gods" "the giant spider invasion" and "kingdom of the spiders".
then assemble the whole thing in one big bowl butternut squash puree first then chunks of chicken then leeks then gravy.
since she had been issued with a blackberry kurt and i had got used to receiving emails sent at midnight or later.
the difference between these two great lakes states is that michigan has a few tools that wisconsin doesn’t.* specifically in michigan the state government can install a kind of official who has the power to set the mayor of detroit and other city officials (all of them bound like blood brothers to the unions) aside. you may think of this as a czar except that this individual would have more power than even the obama white house czars.
fracking and its impact on groundwater: lessons from alberta
for the past five days i've been struggling to think of some words to write about these muffins that would convince you that you need to try them. here's what i came up with:
this morning was filled with delight as mrs. wonderful and i along with a friend went church hopping constantly leaving each building due to occupancy limits being met and fire code violations. seeing the different buildings and their architectural designs is always a fantastic and enjoying sunday morning trek that i would have no issue with making a weekly ritual. but ever since leaving walnut hills united methodist church in des moines ia i find myself unable to sit through a service without being consistently annoyed by the unintelligible sermons spewing out of each pastors mouth.
sooner or later the engines stop singing
in other news i've been going through our emergency supplymost of which expired in and restocking it with all the things we'll need when "the big one" hits. is your emergency kit well stocked? it should be
so it had to go. i was at work the day but my daughter captured the event in pictures. here is the big hole it left in our landscape once gone. i was thrilled that they were able to save the dogwood
politically jimmy mcmanus remained the democratic district leader in hell’s kitchen. now one of the senior and longest serving members of the new york county democratic committee he made several attempts to become its leader (which would have meant he would have held the position traditionally as head of tammany hall) only to be defeated by denny farrell a district leader from harlem. his mcmanus democratic club continued to function as it had in the days of his great grand uncle in that it would try to help constituents who sought assistance with personal or governmental problems and to hold semiannual cocktail parties and a breakfast on st. patrick’s day. however because of civil service its ability actually to find jobs for members was much more limited than in the th century. also while it remained a place where people of different economic and ethnic groups could come to talk about local politics and their personal problems many of the newer and younger upper middle class residents of the district would never know about it or think to avail themselves of its services.
our theme this week is "promenade". time to break out the formal wear and celebrate all those gorgeous young people headed off to the big dance use a tux dress prom or dance them and your cricutwe'd love for you to create with us
the die mechanics for eaba seem like an inverted gurps (no wonder the frequent comparison) d but here it is roll over to beat a target number instead of the roll under gurps rules. so you still get the nice bell curve. it is also a dice pool system. when an attribute or skill level is greater than the d you roll that level in amount of dice then you tally the best three. very clever system.
requires the presence of yourself and your …
yangon march (xinhua) — myanmar and vietnam vowed to step up mutual cooperation in the sectors of agriculture livestock trade investment communications and transport.
andrew: money & time. whenever i pour myself into playing & promoting music i run out of money and have to go back to freelancing – i’m on a constant see saw.
“you did no such thing no one asked you to go snooping around there and getting shot. i know you could have told the police and they would have got him.”
“this album is a labor of love – a gift to those who share my excitement about the christmas season and want to fill this special time of year with heartwarming festive and uplifting music” said mariah carey. “this is the sequel to ‘merry christmas’ from me ii you. on the dvd you’ll see some exclusive behindthescenes moments of the making of this album which are yours exclusively courtesy of hsn. hope you love the album and the dvd merry christmas love mariah.”
think i'll try to go crawl back in bed but not sure how much sleep i'm gonna get with it booming outside
dr zhivago is a big book physically and in terms of its themes multistranded storylines and historical backdrop. it is a characterdriven novel whose subjects live intense interweaving lives set against the great sweep of early th century russian events.
i was really sad about not getting to spend the holiday with family but we decided to embrace this change of plans. as we get ready to move to boston it became a nice opportunity to have a few more new york experiences before we leave.
november : religion: god allah yahweh no way
padilla described sison’s offer as “doable.”
.. iraq baghdad over sixty young iraqis lining up for work are senselessly cut to shreds by a shahid suicide nailbomber.
she goes on on how he comes
we here at adnoxious might be cynical bastards but we also have a hard time turning down pie so the thursday throwdown will be on hiatus until next week.
i love darn near every single home featured in this magazine.
all picks look to have a chance to play this year. the impacts however will be at the first three picks. overall team speed was improved with those picks. coples who in played well outside will be the lde in the and may move inside in the . i know i know motivation. the one thing though is that he had a heck of a situation with the agent scandal down at unc and dealt with a coaching change. rex is a players coach and will get the most out of this kid. he’ll open holes for the linebackers to make plays which brings us to demario davis. being billed as a younger bart scott by rex he should see some playing time. he’s fast and can line up inside and outside which should help when facing rob gronkowski and aaron hernandez.
today has been great so far. feeling happy for a change is a great feeling now for a nap since i got no sleep last night the dogs are already in bed ready to sleep. smudge is zonked out on the dresser. now it's time for me to shut my eyes...
from something swanky
last night i barely remember a few dream fragments which were all a bit strange probably because i had a sore throat & the air in the room was making it worse & my bladder was hurting because i needed to use the bathroom.
and with the amount of snow
before we get into techniques here are some things to keep in mind about glossy paper (this is not vellum i already talked about working on vellum and it's different).
bloodydisgusting.com in my opinion one of the best and most informative horror websites in the world calls the film: "a satisfying little movie that’s a perfect rental on one of those boring sunday nights".
what that quote means? oh nothing. i just like throwing lines from my favorite band’s songs randomly. lol
levi’s fingerprint – signs pointing to the next levi’s finger
in the light of supermoon
the alarm is one long tone followed by three beeps. there’s calm quiet yet swift movement through the base. the senior medic asks me to drive. i bet there is still some quickshake piss beaded up on his teflon coated ripstop pants. as i close the truck door (we never call it an ambulance.) i spin the mounted laptop towards me and quickly scan the notes. (i really hate windows.) i always tap the dated touchscreen twice because i’m impatient. the gps “thinks” as the garage door trades places with a cloudy day.
death’s seventeenyearold apprentice nathaniel comes into his own as he leads an uprising against the devil with the help of a halfdead wraith and a giant hitman. what results is a bloody brutal revolt that calls upon the loyalties of both the living and the dead.
"outside your door is something of great wealth and if you don't want it i'd gladly pay for it."
prepare yourselves for a rant.
she wrote on it:"from one mother to another mother for many other mothers."
for our main i cooked chilli chicken with basil and coconut cream from cooking class thai by australian womans weekly. havn’t cooked from this cookbook much at all but this recipe was really successful so i’ll definitely be using it again once this challenge is over. it was very simple and quick to cook using only a few ingredients and best of all it tasted like something you would order in a thai restaurant. it was very coconutty but the herbs and chilli kept it from veering into a bland dish. the recipe called for a lot of fish sauce which i was a little worried about as it is such a pungent ingredient with a really strong taste (its made from fermented anchovies) but i stuck with it and it really worked. both myself and boyfriend enjoyed the dish although it was very rich and he couldn’t finish it all. i’m clearly made of tougher stuff. next time i would probably cook it as part of a thai feast with several other dishes to balance out the richness and wouldn’t serve it just after a rich french starter.
but to get back to the point of this post... i like the drudge report but i didn't like the way they poked fun at ms. clinton's appearance. i admire hillary for stepping out without makeup. i also thought the slams on her for partying in a colombian nightclub were so much ridiculous sour grapes. i don't get the criticism. by all accounts she and her entourage kept their pants on which can't be said for the secret service. she was mingling and having fun with the locals which is what our state department personnel should be doing.
. a few poinsettia flowers and pinecone sticks were added.
on the sewing front... during the process of helping my folks move my mom gave me a couple boxes of miscellaneous fabric and trims i've been putting them through the wash getting them ready for my sewing groups dress a girl around the world project that we're going to be doing in a few weeks.
a wedding gown
or you might get off a train at or or or and say "wow. that sucked." you might spend the rest of your life trying to avoid trains. you might be able to make up for the time you lost and find some passion after all. good luck to you.
as much as i want to look forward to each new day the nights suck. just saying. i’m scaring myself with how healthy i’m acting. but i do miss him. so much. every time i get a little pang i just talk myself out of it. it’s easy with him not around. i can’t imagine what i would do if he were right in front of me. we both melt in each other’s presence.
in this case i used wonderful smelling lemon balm. arrange it so that the greens literally drop over the corners of the vase. rectangular vases are easy to arrange in
~ kahlil gibran"busy as a bee" and how busy the bees have been this spring. we have all sizes from tiny little yellow fellows all the way up to these giant bumble bees. they have latched on to the hyssops of blue and apricot (agastache) the lavender daylilies milkweed blackeyed susan and any other plant with anything that resembles a flower. of course the lavender and the bee balm (monarda) are the favorite. in fact each bloom is often covered with two or three big bees at one time. i noticed that even at dusk when most insects are retreating for the night these bees almost seemed to be in a beedrunken stupor; settled down in between the blooms with wings folded not moving even as the camera came to within inches of their heads. yes indeed... these two are drunk with delight. it wouldn't surprise me if they didn't stay on the flowers all night.
i stirred the curry in
afghanistan: a gathering menace (the american scholar) – a journalist’s take on traveling with us soldiers. is this just bravado or a toxic culture?
you can't do this on your blog....
however leia is constantly shedding her hair and i think that’s because she’s half short hair and half long hair honestly she doesn’t fit into either category.
most of the time i’ll wander away from an author because i don’t have enough time to read everything i’d want to. sometimes it’s because i’ve found new authors whose (current) books i’m just in a hurry to read quicker.
we even worked at the same company for close to years and lived together in my first apartment away from home. and actually years later when jen was little and i was divorced we lived together once more ~ even after she had her little girl. we were our own unique little family.
street light range – endura cityliner s street light is available in w power with cool white color. it comes in adjustable installations. it is perfectly suited for sidewalks road lighting urban lighting public places parking areas etc. price range rs. .
perpetual motion the image won’t focus
now the only people i see regularly are my brother and his wife (who live nearby) and a few casual acquaintances i’ve made outside pubs. most of the people i now think of as friends are to be found here on my blog or elsewhere online.
controlled clinical trial
again from my friend sarah. here's the link: http:emptybobbinsewing.comchristmastreeofeltchristmastreeour house is not big enough to accommodate an actual tree (that's just one of our excuses for not having one) yet the kids would really like to do one. they can help with most aspects of this one.
robert zemeckis (forrest gump)
east asia
shut the place down.
if that is the case then i would think that bliss would be completely unattainable here on earth.
the only encouraging sign in the cnrdre’s behavior is that so far it has refrained from demonizing the governments and regional bodies opposing it leaving more critical responses to some of its most radical supporters. but talk of military intervention by mali’s neighbors grows louder by the day.
) heat sugar and water in pot. you are doing this to make a simple syrup.
i noticed it when we were out walking yesterday. the tall guy didn't seem to notice it. maybe it was because we were like miles away from it. but i did. the tall guy was just trying to get home. something about needing a drink of water. but i persisted. i started to walk one direction the tall guy wanted to go the other. usually he wins. but then i gave him my puppy eyes. he can't resist when i do the puppy eye thing. so he said we would go see what i was so determined to find. we quickly crossed the street and went up the sidewalk. the closer we got the faster i walked. time seemed to stand still as we rushed toward our goal. all of a sudden there it was
my block is called kitty corner. this is made with all . inch squares. i call it kitty corner due to the adorable fabric with little kitties on it. i only had enough for this one block and actually had to supplement with dogs but they're super cute too. ok now it doesn't look like much as a single block does it? but take a look at a quilt made out of these block. now it makes a little more sense huh? and the border . inch squares too. a block quilt with borders is x a block quilt with borders is x still a respectable size. block loses a little of the circular motion there. and if you put full square in the corner you get something that looks like this.
 this father wrote his kids a letter every morning of their childhoods. isn't this absolutely adorable? i'm inspired to do the same when i'm a mother.
nurse
anya's ghost vera brosgol (graphic novel the ghost is not who you expect very good)
name: amber alley siepel
collect your blossoms in the early morning and leave some of the stem for ease of preparation. inspect for any bees or bugs inside the flower carefully handling the delicate blossom. if you prefer gently remove any stamen inside.
lots of things have changed over the last years...the berlin wall has risen and fallen the moon now has bootprints on it and the internet has changed the world in a way that could not have been foreseen in june .
alright so thanks to dinner with dimitri and friends on friday night i now know what bdubs is (buffalo wild wings). yes i don't know why it is called that either.
check out the site and see many more cards that other talented
it may be the teacher. socrates is famous for his elenctic method which i consider a prime example of education in its most latinate meaning – to lead or draw out from. the teacher leads the student to the conclusion the teacher wants the student to accept by drawing the student out with a series of structured (leading) questions. it seems like the student is engaged in a meaningful intellectual exercise but it is in fact carefully choreographed and completely controlled by the teacher.
(right after making out for about an hour after a fairly successful date)
a redtailed hawk pair has been nesting on a light pole nearly feet above cornell university’s athletic fields on tower road for at least the past four years. in we installed a camera to get a better look at these majestic birds as they raise their young amid the bustle of a busy campus (see the behindthescenes video). so far we’ve seen the birds bringing prey such as voles squirrels and pigeons to the nest.
some people don’t say yes to their miracle because they don’t feel worthy of a miracle.
last year i read plato’s the republic and the professor this year has us looking at the “allegory of the cave.” in it there are a bunch of prisoners who are chained and all they can see are the shadows in front of them on the wall. they don’t know they are prisoners and they know nothing about the sun or what is outside of the cave. they are challenged to break free from those mundane surrounds. i thought about what i would do in that situation. do i break free from what i know and go out and up towards the light? honestly i think i would persuade someone to try it out and come back and tell me. lol i wouldn’t do something like that alone. i honestly don’t know what i would do i have a history of jumping in head first. my impulses have gotten me in trouble in the past hence the reason why i would send someone else out exploring. okay i’m getting off topic. back to the story. the prisoners did not want to believe that they were prisoners. they were fine with their shadows.
i have been really loving all of this photography that's happening lately. i've always loved it but it's like cranked up a hundred notches these days i took four years of photo in high school and loved every minute of it. glad to be all up in it's grill again.
the unofficial start of planting season got under way today as the u.s. department of agriculture released its prospective plantings report. it’s an annual report that the agency issues each march as its best estimates on what farmers may plant for corn soybeans wheat cotton and many other crops.
"give me the damn kardex".......
researchers have discovered a treatment which may able to cure most if not all cancers. the drug targets and blocks cd a cell protein which tells the immune system to not kill healthy blood cells. but cancers use the same protein to avoid being destroyed by the body. so by strategically blocking the protein it’s possible to use one antibody to kill all types of cancer tumors.
"much like the way we develop friendships over a period of time an entire generation of advertisers will need to plan their marketing scenarios around the concept of building relationships. we often meet new acquaintances through friends. we chat them up maybe catch them later at a party with other mutual acquaintances discover we have similar interests and before you know it we’re all packed up and off on a weekend ski trip together in vermont."how absolutely charming. we're all cozy and snug in our little weekend ski chalet in vermont.
 cabinet secretaries notebooks. the eleventh notebook (cab ) (released august ) covers the period .. ...
https everywhere is a free firefox and chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites making your browsing more secure.
so....i am a great believer in online dating. i should be its poster child well not child since that is an entirely different sort of online dating i should be its poster young but not to young woman. i loved it when i was single. it was like window shopping. yes i realize that i may have just compared the men i went out with to shoes but they were almost as enjoyable. i loved being able to talk to someone either online or over the phone and then see what they were actually like in real life. i was really lucky and met some amazing smart funny good looking men online. yes i did meet some that wanted to become a woman (but only the boob part he still wanted to keep his penis) and some that claimed to run illegal counterfeit operations with the chicago police department but on the whole i got pretty good at weeding out the crazies and getting to the really good men.
turning to the title of this blog there may be some that chose not to carry on reading this but instead judged the content by the title alone. it may be a controversial title but what is even more shocking is that there exists people who truly believe that women are slaves and this sort of activity can be tolerated. we can turn a blind eye and plead indifference or we can choose to act and help put an end to this.
three terracotta pots; each one
so...there were a ton of these holes to make.
the report makes several recommendations including: formation of a citizens commission for oversight of the cruise ship activity management of cruise ships similar to management of other tourism activity within the city collection of reasonable fees by the city and continued study of the industry’s impact on the city.
when brie's sister faith dies suddenly brie's world falls apart. as she goes through the bizarre and devastating process of mourning the sister she never understood and barely even liked everything in her life seems to spiral farther and farther off course. her parents are a mess her friends don’t know how to treat her and her perfect boyfriend suddenly seems anything but.
a picture of my hubby's treat basket
the novel as selfgenerating game. what it generates is the game the rules of the game rules to reconstruct old and generate new rules. what are rules? rules are what they do. what do they do? rules define the parameters of change.
"they made her a grave too cold and damp
"i don't feel that" william said.
**i apologize for the sheer harshness and negativity conveyed within this piece. writing this seemed to be the only way that i could vent the rollcoaster of a day that i endured so i display my thoughts here.
several camera trappers i know periodically post enviable otter photos on the forums.
# gaining confidence
i was traveling in south east asia after five months of studying in japan. my mom had joined me because she was soulsearching and i’d convinced her that the thai sun would help her out. we were staying on the island of kohphangan and were supposed to leave for bangkok on the th of march to catch a plane from there to tokyo on the th in order for me to get back to my studies. on the th of march my dad called my mom in a panic telling us that there had been an earthquake and a subsequent tsunami in japan. this automatically cancelled our flight to tokyo and we debated whether to stay on the island or return to the big city. at this point i sensed something greater at work and i was severely depressed. i didn’t care what we did; the fact that i wasn’t going back to japan seemed like god had put up this enormous hurdle i’d never find a way around. we stayed in kohp and on the th my mom was the one pushing me her daughter to go and drink our troubles away at the halfmoon party. i was to put it nicely not in the mood but conceded to my mother’s constant nagging.
david thomas broughton's debut album the complete guide to insufficiency was a late discovery for me or else its haunting choral minimalism would surely have ranked among my favorite albums of the s when i compiled my bestofthedecade list. this year after a number of eps and minor releases broughton finally returns with a proper followup. outbreeding is a very different record from broughton's debut replacing that album's lengthy quasiimprovisations with a series of short lushly arranged folkrock tunes slotting broughton's mannered vocals and wry wordplay into much fuller arrangements than those found on the sparse complete guide. there's an arch aloof quality to broughton's carefully enunciated intonations and he takes clear delight in drawing out certain syllables rolling his r's and stretching vowels into eccentric shapes. he clearly loves saying "fuck" so much that it comes out like "fook;" he savors the shapes of words until they're stretched out of joint. this quirky vocal style draws attention to the subtle cleverness of the lyrics like the sprightly punning of "ain't got no sole" or the tonguetwisting eloquence of these lines from "staying true": "my body is so crap at staying trueto my will and the way i'd like to bemy father's fist is a brick in my heart." broughton has refrained from simply repeating himself. with a bonafide masterpiece of droning minimalist folk under his belt he now turns his attention to wry pub pop the obvious irony in his tone not disguising the equally obvious emotion underpinning his elliptical musings. [buy]
dal bosco then absconded with the bonds and tried to cash them variously with the un with the assistance of giancarlo bruno of the world economic forum who is one of the coordinators. it is purported that mr. bruno set up the entire operation with the un and oitc which dal bosco turned to for support once they recognized that neil keenan was not going to allow them to steal the bonds.
this diversity and openness to different genres is reflected in aldrei's lineup. punk band morðingjarnir perform an adrenalinefuelled set which is cut short when the drunk bassist is carried off the stage for exhorting the audience to throw things at him.
. i am a serious night owl. always have been. not sure why but i’m far more productive at night.
something borrowed or something blue an old school hat or a pot of cold irish stew?
during a recent visit to my favorite petrocumkangaroo the conversion process was kicking into high gear. workers outside had blocked off several parking spaces so they could install a large new billboard over the entryway. inside at least a dozen cashiers were tripping over each other behind the counter watching a trainer explain the new checkout terminals. wallpaper was being stripped above the coffee machines as customers at the selfserve struggled to avoid getting dried paste with their cream and sugar. convenience was everywhere.
i have become a brother to the jackals and go about in the company of ostriches.
q. quote from a movie: not a real movie buff
in attending the education workshops both the morning and afternoon sessions worked within the same format however the makeup and process of the groups was very different. the makeup of the morning group consisted of younger more outspoken individuals while the afternoon group was more seasoned and to the point. in so far as the process the morning group generated fewer concepts with more rational offered for their input the afternoon session provided a plethora of bullet points for each topic with little comment.
“fantastic” writes anozchik on youtube. “he is interacting so well and if music is the way he chooses to communicate then aren’t we all blessed to be able to share it?”
i have heard about some optifast plans or other medicallymanaged meal replacement programs where there is a list of free or allowable foods in addition to the mealreplacement products. i’ve certainly had people ask me during the productonly phase “well but you are still allowed vegetables right? some asparagus won’t hurt you you can still eat salads surely?” certainly other diets (weight watchers jenny craig etc.) have the concept of foods that you can include in your diet without counting or tracking. for our kaiser optifast program that is not the case. (although i know someone doing optifast in australia who gets broth and cups of vegetables a day…)
a new start
should've picked it up.
the way something appears – “it looks like it will rain today.”;
it’s my first time to try shabushabu (しゃぶしゃぶ) a japanese variant of hot pot which is derived from the “swish swish” sound of cooking the meat in the pot. in a shabushabu raw seafood meat and vegetables (thinly sliced) are served and you must cook them in a boiling yummy soup through a builtin stove in the table (para ka lang nagfifishball sa kanto). even if sometimes you are not down for cooking your own food this is a musttry and you’re gonna enjoy the entire cookandeat experience.
"she'll be at the fight mr moon i'll tell you later...ok?"
i’ve got to tell them ‘i love you.’
in the county of finnmark is one of the places where the lights show most frequently the tourism industry is very pleased with the most recent prognosis. a large portion of the tourism in the north of norway during winter is connected to the northern lights and related activities.
it’s kind of stupid but i have months left and i feel like i’m running out of time to see everything. it’s my goal to be in turkey by midmay.
i have been to four greek islands in the last few years and each time i have noticed a common similarity. the older generation of local greeks are still very active and content. no doubt beautiful weather plays a part in their longevity (sunshine boosting vitamin d levels) but i also think diet and lifestyle are also key factors too.
the ritual; adam nevill (pan)
i bought these tiny garden tools years ago or maybe and knew i'd find a use for them one day i think the dibber might make a nice closure for the book and the trowel and fork will be added to one of the pages.
batter mix: mix all of the seasonings and flour together and then add water and whisk to a smooth and thick consistency. dip chicken pieces in the batter and fry on a moderately high heat for minutes or until cooked through. it may be easier to remove the bone from the chicken pieces for a quicker cooking time. or you can fry the chicken until the coating goes crispy and then preheat your oven and cook the pieces for a further minutes on degrees or until cooked through.
"tanks" (thanks)
the fun thing is you can make pizzas now but you can also save some crusts for later they freeze incredibly well. thaw before you use them.
me and this friend have semiannual beefs since we’ve known each other.
the personality of godhead śrī rāma assumed the form of a human being and appeared on the earth for the purpose of doing some pleasing work for the demigods or the administrative personalities to maintain the order of the universe. sometimes great demons and atheists like rāvaṇa and hiraṇyakaśipu and many others become very famous due to advancing material civilization by the help of material science and other activities with a spirit of challenging the established order of the lord. for example the attempt to fly to other planets by material means is a challenge to the established order. the conditions of each and every planet are different and different classes of human beings are accommodated there for particular purposes mentioned in the codes of the lord. but puffed up by tiny success in material advancement sometimes the godless materialists challenge the existence of god. rāvaṇa was one of them and he wanted to deport ordinary men to the planet of indra (heaven) by material means without consideration of the necessary qualifications. he wanted a staircase to be built up directly reaching the heavenly planet so that people might not be required to undergo the routine of pious work necessary to enter that planet. he also wanted to perform other acts against the established rule of the lord. he even challenged the authority of śrī rāma the personality of godhead and kidnapped his wife sītā. of course lord rāma came to chastise this atheist answering the prayer and desire of the demigods. he therefore took up the challenge of rāvaṇa and the complete activity is the subject matter of the rāmāyaṇa. because lord rāmacandra was the personality of godhead he exhibited superhuman activities which no human being including the materially advanced rāvaṇa could perform. lord rāmacandra prepared a royal road on the indian ocean with stones that floated on the water. the modern scientists have done research in the area of weightlessness but it is not possible to bring in weightlessness anywhere and everywhere. but because weightlessness is the creation of the lord by which he can make the gigantic planets fly and float in the air he made the stones even within this earth to be weightless and prepared a stone bridge on the sea without any supporting pillar. that is the display of the power of god.
per serving: ( tomato)
but every time i read about another christianized version of iron john i can’t help but think of the words of saint paul:
my latest excursion yielded a haul of books with many gorgeous hardcovers among them including “gnomes” and “secrets of the gnomes” both by will huygen. this brings my current book total to not counting the comic books i've got coming in the mail gorgeous reprints of old comics the majority of them. i'm pretty set on holding a party the day i reach books. i might get crafty and make book related goodies for my friends and have a pile of bookcrossing books to give away too. )
if you won’t use commas period ‘than’ your opinion doesn’t matter
fish buried: (poor theo he has been lounging around in crazy redhead and sunglasses' freezer for over a month now.)
when we returned home from the hospital after that diagnosis i retreated to my favorite prayer spot and entered the presence of my heavenly father. there was such peace there. i presented my questions to my lord: “how? why? what now?”. he gave me several words – which have sustained me for these three years: . “this experience is not just for you – i will use it in others’ lives.” . “don’t be afraid.” . “wait on me.” . “trust me.”
my belief is that if i eat that breakfast i will gain weight. she says i won’t. so for one month (until my work conference) i am eating breakfast. we are not tracking weight because i know instinctively i will become competitive. instead she will track my measurements. for some reason i don’t have the same attachment to or drive to reduce measurements as i do weight on the scale.
free state brewing co. old stormy
alive
“yeah. basically check these guys out as if i wanted to date them.”
excuse me......i'm going to go spend time in my happy place.
the whole piece uses verbatim transcripts to describe the last or so years of islam situations in the west and mainly the uk.
:: dh is home and we pack the kids up to go to costc.o.
anyway this family six pack had a kosmos reserve in it so it was a nobrainer just for that. it pours a light amber with a crisp white head that thins to a sheet but stays due to strong carbonation.
archer would show restraint during this initial meaning rather than knocking the vulcan on his ass.
a pause as she cocked her head to her side and bit on her lower lip.
wendy for the time that she had me there.
i believe in aborting all government programs that do not contribute to the cyberconversion of mankind. which is all of them. i take a prolife stance towards cybermen but a prodeath (or antilife as those damn time lords like to call us) towards the incompatible and a proconversion stance for that which is compatible.
after a rough couple of days of being sick and then watching my favorite hockey team the boston bruins get eliminated in game of their eastern conference quarterfinal matchup against washington last night i'm hoping a pack of hockey cards will help to cheer me up. i always keep a stack of or so packs in my card closet for a rainy day and this one's been there for at least a couple of years now. i don't particularly care for this set and i don't even recall buying the pack. it's a hobby pack so i must have picked it up at the shop when i was grabbing supplies or something. anyway cards included here we go...
as the gods walk the sky
one could argue perhaps that the names of these plants are irrelevant. that you can enjoy the landscape without knowing what's what. faithful readers will know that i believe in the power of naming names. that said i also know that common names can be as effective in staking a connection with a plant as the official genus and species. as a child i knew many common english plant names long before i was aware of the linnaean classification system and in my part of surrey a bank hedgerow meadow or roadside offered a constellation of recognized plants without a classically derived appellation amongst them. i would acknowledge for instance the presence of blackberry ragged robin cow parsley deadly nightshade yarrow dead nettles stinging nettles docks burdocks horseradish daisies campion violets sorrel dandelions groundsel horsetail and so on amidst the hazel oak holly chestnut ash beech birch and alder trees. amongst this unremarked upon congregation of plants of the surrey countryside the special displays of bluebells primroses foxgloves cowslips poppies dog roses snowdrops jackinthepulpits redhotpokers and forgetmenots were seasonally noted.
this was what i saw last week in the bushes in front of our house.
“nothing good gets away.” time to heal protect what is left and be there for my kids.
the bike the buffalo and me in that order.
please accept my apology
whoa what do you mean "second leggy moment"?? when did the first occur? yeah i meant to tell you but in an earlier scene a sex worker named tinkerbelle can be seen lounging in a legfriendly manner near the chez jackie jukebox so technically tinkerbelle is the first to be leggy in this particular film.
at this very moment beunka adams is being taken to the walls unit in huntsville texas from the polunsky unit in west livingston. mr. adams would have left a wing a pod in building of the polunsky unit shortly after : cst chained cuffed and transported in a convoy that included ranking correctional officers who are heavily armed. at the end of a minute drive to huntsville mr. adams will be escorted through the back gates at the walls unit into the section of the facility that houses the death chamber. upon arrival mr. adams will be strip searched for the last time given a new set of clothing and escorted into a cell just a few steps away from the room that has the gurney.
i don’t know why but some people like reading the random posts found at happinessstanliveshere. well i do know but i pretend not to because that might jinx it.
so far i've sent out eight. i've got two partials out and i've gotten four rejections. i know that's not much yet and i know i don't have any choice but to keep trying or give up. the trick now is to figure out how eldest does it. how she cries bitter tears (i reserve the right to eat chocolate instead) then shakes it off and keeps going her spirit undiminished. it's probably mostly up to the fact that she's seven.
i wonder at the willy pipp comparisons. baseball is almost always a game about being still. major league players all seek to find that magical line called statistical precedent and straddle it; i think if they were offered the opportunity to bat . for a single season or bat . for fifteen years they’d probably pick the latter. perfect game or twenty wins? unassisted triple play in a call up game from vasalia or a career full of gold gloves? aaron corp is no wally pipp because even one game can make a hero out of a college football player. look at ucla’s patrick cowan. google his name and you’ll get to watch his gray matter ramify out his facial orifices as rey maualuga rearranges his cranium into something like a mandelbrot set on acid but ucla fans will always remember him as the guy who denied usc a ticket to the dance. aaron corp’s story so far is pure tragedy in a way pipp’s never could’ve been. he was the starting quarterback at usc and he would’ve kept that job if he’d simply won. gehrig was always going to be greater than pipp whether it was that day or some other day. corp’s only chance was against ohio state. we all knew it. it’s a shame he won’t get it because even if barkley flounders there’s no way the golden one will ride the pine for the next two years. pete carroll is no gambler. he’s goofy and slightly retarded in that endearing vapid cheerleader kind of way but he knows what’s up. matt barkley is his ticket to the dance which is incredibly odd to say because the starting quarterback for a championship team has been very often over the last few years in both college and pro the guy who doesn’t lose the game.
group a
"along came forest city ratner" he said. "if you need a job color do no make a difference" he said taking pains to avoid rhetoric from the meeting of july where he said "maybe you don’t want to hear it but black folks are not working in our community."
warren is getting attention and he really only has an idea of where the body may be whatever body it is was dumped. he is trying to fund his expedition which he states would take between $ and $ to execute. as for me it costs more than $ to mount one of our treasure expeditions and yes; our missions regularly find dead bodies but $ spent to recover $ or $ is more my taste not just to try to prove up some conspiracy theory.
dsg eschews diplomacy as a viable alternative in favor of a military response to international tensions with a reduction in the need for ‘boots on the ground’ while relying on an increase in a leaner meaner new generation of remotepowered guiltfree drones the weapon that ron paul suggests are unconstitutional and more agile flexible special op troops.
“how’s it going?”oh it’s going.”
i did all the styling & photography of course.
taste – bright and flavorful lead by mixed citrus bright pineapple dried granny smith apple startfruit and yellow grapefruit. beneath these hints of acacia subtle white pepper and flint give the wine a subtle complexity.
“harder”
for the label on the tea bag i used the pen feature for the sentiment "brewed with love" in the funtime font helvetica medium rhinestone. it's a font i personally like to use when using the pen feature because it thin and simple. no need for special pens for the gazelle she'll take any pen you want to use. for this particular project i used a zig memory system . mm writer. after i removed the pen from my gazelle i replaced the blade holder and cut out the shape around the sentiment and attached a string with a staple.
great to see this kind of interest and love for session beers
i hope that all of you out there in my blogger community are doing well i still read your posts and keep up with your stories and your lives. and i hope some of you continue to enjoy my work through recoverynowtv. much love to all. i may still post here occasionally so this is not goodbye or anything like that...just a change of venue i guess this blog is what got me started writing again and i think that through this blog i began to grow as a writer a blogger and a member of the recovery community. i began to realize the power being the world wide web recovery community and this blog has catapulted me to a whole new level as a writer and as a person. i did so much since i started this blog like finishing school and writing a book. i think when i first started hashish dreams and heroin nightmares i did not have the confidence to go out there and do things like that. but when i started telling my story things began to change. i want to thank all of you because your words of encouragement were one of the first signs that i was on the right path. the friendships i gained through this blog and the advice and words of encouragement gave me the confidence i needed to take the leap of faith into writing telling my story. and this blog became a stepping stone to a whole new world for me. a whole new career. a whole new life. thank you all.
sometimes like my three toddler grandchildren we need to be reminded to use the skills we are gaining. frustration and whining decreased when they learned the signs for milk please and thank you. now they are starting to talk and the oldest one is being actively taught to use kind words by her parents who have instituted a time of blessing every day. even the month old is learning to say “nice smart kind strong.”
movement: a ton a movement. he really likes to hang out on the right side of my body.
imogenelynn 
i will absolutely do better this week. it would be pretty hard not to
 the lovely bones – alice sebold
similarly on august th vj day (victory in japan) was declared in united states. this conflict saw the first—and mercifully the only use of atomic weapons in warfare.
we visited often.
i’ve had a few minor injuries of late (sprained knee sprained elbow and sprained fingers) but all of them are starting to feel a lot better; plus i got some braces for my knee and elbow and tape for my fingers so i’m not worried about these injuries being a factor on saturday.
d) 
“any argument by the anc that this song is merely a preservation of struggle literature rings hollow in the face of farming families who have lost wives mothers and grandmothers” he added.
vegetable you hate: parsnips and turnips
but since being overweightbesity type ii diabetes heart attacks and strokes run in my family perhaps one day i’ll convert one of them because sadly i think that’s what it’s going to take.
growing up i loved unicorns. they were horses but with the single horn and magic something special and unique. i even have some of the beanie baby unicorns from when i was a kid. at one point i even had a statue thing of a unicorn head that was in my bedroom though i don't have it anymore.
i am learning...
the genus name pedicularis means little louse. it was once thought that animals feeding on this plant would become infected with these pests. wort comes from the old english word meaning flower giving us lousewort.
when i’m not depressed i’ll often try to correct false ideas about depression but when i am depressed i’m too fucking tired. most people don’t have the imagination to visualize what it is like so i go to great lengths to hide it. you know what’s more depressing that being depressed? being depressed and heckled by fools at the same time.
i love this city.
in the bright eternal city
 tsp. cayenne powder
since when did john start carrying a knife?
ng tp goh hh ng yl ong hy chia ks jeyaratnam j. male endocrine functions in workers with moderate exposure to lead. br j ind med ; : .
choose whole grain breads. the bread test: if the loaf of bread can break a window you can eat it and serve it to your family.
 top of push up plank walk out…key points: feet wider than shoulderand width. torso tight…remember string tied to navel being pulled straight back. from the top of plank position use tiny baby steps with your hands to walk forward and back to start position (ab wheel without the ab wheel). this is a much more precise movement and infinitely harder to perform.
we walk about another dog a home with trees and room for visitors.
irish nationwide building society was reported to have provided a % mortgage on grosvenor square which was formerly home to the us naval offices. handy that as it was just across from the us embassy on the other side of the square which is scheduled to relocate to premises in new covent garden (behind the battersea power station site) in . grosvenor square was bough by richard caring in for gbp £m. in may westminster city council granted planning permission to develop the square foot building into luxury flats but development has yet to take place.
by far what has given me the biggest boosts yet with the exception of making a book free (more on that in the next section) has been some free promo spots. be sure you know what you want from each promo: awarenessbuilding (marketing) or immediate sales. for today's post i'm looking at immediate sales.
note: i also have wine or beer with dinner everyday so some calories are from alcohol.
to start with i will be serializing an audio podcast of my novel in it's th draft. it won't be perfect but it will give people an idea of what it will become.
one morning i woke up and found poopsue spotthe sweet little dad and all kittens all over the bed. she was presenting her family to me i hardly dared to pick up my head as they might all scatter. i slowly slipped my arm out and started petting one. after a few seconds he or she was purring like a little motor boat and the others were gone. every morning i was able to tame another one till they all became sociable. we had lots of fun. i found homes for several and kept the runt my sweet little roundbellied chubby.
we'll never know.
keeping record of wrong doings against us holding onto them begrudging another
the education maria theresa provided for her children was based on learning by repetition. while this method is tolorable for some children for joseph it was insufferable. he had a rather short attention span which did not help. his mother often tried to please him praise him and develop his talents. personality wise the boy grew up very confident in his own thoughts and ideas and has been described as an egotist. maria theresa found it very difficult to get along with her son who shared her own selfwilled and stubbornness.
as for the blog we'll start with a unit on picking up stitches: new tricks to avoid puckers and jagged edges as well as other tricks to make pickedup stitches lie smooth and professionallooking whether along a horizontal or sloped or curved edge. cables and further information about smoothly installing zippers are also on the horizon so stay tuned.
…aren’t really helping a whole lot right now. nope with the release date for enza fast approaching (mondayyikes) i’m getting a little nervous. okay so i’m getting a lot nervous. sometimes i think i’ve got everything as ready as it can be other times i think i’ve probably forgotten some very key things.
so i am going to leave you to get started on the rest of your crafty little way the first stop on the hop today is alicia thelin
 such
i learned in carol’s book that if you expose ducklings to water when they are two or three days old it will activate their oil gland helping them waterproof themselves so that they can go out and forage in damp grass earlier without getting waterlogged. otherwise the oil gland doesn’t activate until they are about weeks old. i gave them each a warm (+ degree) bathwim for a few minutes on friday. since they were born on sunday or monday this may have been too late. but it sure was fun. they would freak out for a bit and then float around their little feet going as fast as they could slowly coming to understand “hey wait a minute…i’m a duck…this feels pretty good”.
(b)
looking over the usa’s roster for the event i’m pleased to see that in some areas we have athletes that have made or are on the cusp of making major teams getting the opportunity to compete in this type of environment – rae edwards michael berry tyler mulder kibwe johnson jamie nieto jenn suhr michelle carter aretha thurmond sara hall and virginia powell chief among them. i would hope that going forward that we would see more athletes of this level competing in these kinds of events; because i don’t think we can get too much “practice under pressure”.
imagine a hero struggling to defeat his nemesis only to have a meteor fall from the sky and kill him in the final act. yes it gets the job done but it also subverts whatever narrative went before. that’s how i reacted to haunted hill.
have any of you ever had a case of the melty summer eye? you know... when you blink and get those lovely mascara lines either above or below your eyes? i get it all the time when i forget to apply water proof mascara in the morning. i like this waterproof option from neutrogena. the brush keeps clumps at bay and it makes your lashes extra full.
gift.
to end all the endless questions i dialed k’s number. when i told her she was horrified.
hint: to make your next trip to the grocery store easier copy the pages below and put a check by or circle those items you wish to purchase for your weeks worth of food. this way you will stay on track by only buying those items that are recommended
b. of jeremiah the lord said: “before i formed thee in the belly i knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb i sanctified thee and i ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.” (jer. :).
if moses did it with is faith she'll do it with an army
maybe she was right. maybe i was the one for this job. one loser telling the story of his kindred spirit. i sure didn’t have anything better to do. but with the window down and my hand out being pushed back by the cool air it felt less like the start of a new chapter and more like the end of one.
of course don’t expect the press to ask any such questions. they largely laughed off the matter. “no shock or awe there” bloomberg news actually wrote in an editorial.
our carmenere the signature grape of chile has rich aromas of ripe red fruit. on the palate lush fruit flavors and a touch of spice lead to an elegant finish. a heavenly choice every time.”
i think the ability to affect the world and the people around you – and to be affected by them – is one of the greatest honors we have as members of this beautiful family called humanity. the fact that another person can influence the person that i am – wow. i consider it a privilege.
they do okay with cvc words but after that they get bogged down. what sound does this letter make here? how does it sound now? i recently came across a new book that is going to help my little pumpkins with this skill
the canadian dance assembly (cda) is happy to offer two dynamic workshops in toronto this month on may we will explore two key topics: financial management and technological innovation. these workshops are being offered as part of cda’s i love dance j’aime la danse national campaign.
with the cheddar this was the first fullon clash of the day: the bitterness of the beer does not sit at all well with the sharpness of the cheese. it's a similar story with the blue: a double dose of acridity and the chocolate subtlety of the beer just disappears. a lastminute goal came from the ardrahan as the stout brings out all the creaminess in the cheese and combines it with its roasted and strong alcoholic flavours producing a gorgeous kind of irish coffee effect.
the photographs will be used for my personal edification though i reserve the right to use them in any way i see fit including (but not limited to) tshirts books magazines and blackmail.
supplies stamps: unity stamps kom & ?; unknown cardstock papertry ink pp; copics; spica pens; unk ribbon; photo corners punch; copper brad.
i will try to remember to title them when i post.
the wellversed person or budhāḥ is one who has understood that kṛṣṇa is the origin of all emanations. whatever we happen to see is but an emanation of kṛṣṇa. for millions and millions of years sunshine has been emanating from the sun and yet the sun is as it is. similarly all material and spiritual energies are coming from kṛṣṇa. as a result of knowing this one becomes a devotee of kṛṣṇa.
you can stream our entire album. let’s face it: nobody really knows who the hell d.b. cooper duo is. in our opinion second previews are stupid because you don’t build an audience by selling music but by building an audience to sell music. you can’t beat hearing our entire album for free on bandcamp. you can stream our music any time you want (for as many times as you want). bandcamp provides our music at an incredible speed and makes our lyrics available to you. that way you can rock out and sing (or scream) along.
women of course hardly appear. this is probably for the best since it spares us the claim that rape victims are merely aspiring rapists too ‘weak’ to rape anyone else. but while nietzsche is hardly to be excused the failing of presenting oppressors as the model for all humanity in doing so he is not novel; this is what culture has done for millennia.
so what you may ask is for the nd summer taking place at this prestigious british institution? it is no less than the royal academy summer exhibition. a veritable feast of new art works by names established and unknown. the latter hoping the exposure might assist their career and no doubt their bank accounts.
"butterfly addition" by miss jenny (she also sings "butterfly subtraction")
this exercise begins work on the one feature of my dslr that as a motorsport photographer i often find myself using shutter speed.
hanna simply wants to be loved. with a head plagued by hallucinations a medicine cabinet full of pills and a closet stuffed with frilly violet dresses hanna's tired of being the outcast the weird girl the freak. so she runs away to portero texas in search of a new home.
i might send her a slide show of all the photos of my flowers so she could do a presentation with them. my macros seem to be cropped so you can't see the glaring weeds or creeping charlie or bad gardening skills. i also don't have a drop of mulch to make my place look better.
my oven and i decided to take a short break from each other so i checked out for the last week. that gave me more time to look up recipes on the internet (as if i needed an excuse). i'll be back to my regular posting tomorrow but for now i thought i'd share some of my favorite online recipe resources:
i am sharpening my sword.
the reason it takes him “so long between one fiction and the next” is “not not ‘having an idea’ but having ten or twenty ideas and having to wait as patiently as possible for the relations among them to reveal themselves. …the mind unable to bear the richness of consequence entailed upon one idea forthwith produces another instead.”
if you've followed bee crafty for a while you will remember a freebie previously given away...here it is again take and enjoy just let people know it's from bee crafty (and don't forget to add hearts if using it for your entry.)
whisk the egg yolk and stir in the milk.
in our run so far there’s only one thing i love more than the relationships we’ve built – watching our audience react to them.
if you want to donate you can click on the "donate now" button on the right side of this blog or email me at laurieclinger@yahoo.com for other ways.
what i’m going to say next might sound arrogant but i promise it isn’t: i don’t write for anyone else i write for me. why isn’t that arrogant? because i believe that precisely the reverse is true – the arrogant thing would be for me a year old to assume that i know what a modern british year old boy wants to read or how an australian year girl thinks or a german teen or a brazilian or… you get the point. how could i possibly know those things? and this is really part of a much broader point – whenever anyone writes anything at all teen adult horror romance scifi they should be writing it for themselves because to assume that any of us know what is desired in another’s head is an act of extreme arrogance.
architect zaha hadid's mobile art container has been donated by chanel to the institut du monde arabe in paris. having travelled the world the pavilion is currently showcasing an exhibition of zaha hadid's work within its walls and then will be used by the institut du monde arabe to house contemporary art from arab countries.
but then i only watch.
 instructions 
so i'm throwing my hat in the ring and announcing my candidacy for president of the united states. the elections are coming up and i'll need to start campaigning soon.
of the island city of our vacation.
 fitness music
the last and final example which i want to give you is that of hakam bin hisham who was from andalusia. at that time the christians used to have bandits and they used to go out… this was around andalusia around spain – around that region. at that time the christians used to go out like bandits and kidnap people. the christians at that time captured one caravan. this caravan was carrying one muslim sister her mother and father and two brothers. the infidels killed all of them and they captured this one sister years old.
i prepared different colors of frosting and different kinds of sprinkles. you don’t need much sprinkles and i recommend putting each kind of sprinkles in a bowl with a spoon since otherwise kids would put too much on their cupcakes.
our new challenge for you for the next two weeks is:
it should be out soon and i’ll have the links when it becomes available. it was cool to see the full cover with my name on it.
about icon
during the participating wineries sold about bottles of wines with a total value of $ an overall % increase in overall sales. but added income was not the only benefit the wineries derived. % of the wineries reported increased visitors at their winery and % reported increased recognition for their wine. in addition the public learned much more about the massachusetts wine industry which will help all local wineries.
hands started to
what about humor and laughing? can it be used to regulate our emotions in responses to stress? folk wisdom says laughter is the best medicine and that humor soothes the soul. indeed while looking for media to use for a research project i came across the standup comedy of richard pryor (yes this was for a scientific pursuit i promise). infamous for his raunchy groundbreaking routines about race relations and sex it came as a pleasant surprise when i heard his take on romantic relationships and heartbreak. in fact watching pryor’s exaggerated imitation of a heartbroken man accidentally wandering into the street and getting hit by a bus made me laugh so hard that i immediately sought out other comedic routines about relationships (louis c. k. kevin hart and the late great patrice o’neal are
the song goes “mann se ravan jo nikale ram uske mann mein hain”
all eyes in the class follow as mr. pierce leads wes to the empty table in the back of the room. i look over in summer’s direction and see her mouth one word—tattoo.
dennis maloney
the thenprime minister clement attlee walked in.
standard robot classes
opening hours: mon fri (am .pm); sat & sun (am pm)
on the eye rich deep fulsome amber.
the second category is ‘tawheed al asmaa was sifaat’ which means maintaining the unity of allah’s name and attributes. this category is divided into five aspects…
what a great celebration i will always be proud of my girls how they have grown from little kindergarten daisy gs to high school senior ambassador gs and become such fine young responsible women good luck to them in all their endeavors thanks to the devoted moms. it’s been an amazing journey and a true pleasure
“because you hassle me all the time” i said perhaps a bit sullenly.
heat oil and add mustard seeds urad dhal and curry leaves. next add onion and saute till light brown. add the ground paste and stir in for few minutes for the raw smell to leave like about minutes. next add the powders(turmeric and chilli powder) and mix once. immediately add the cooked and chopped raw banana along with salt and fry together for minutes adn serve. garnish with chopped coriander leaves if needed.
the summer weather is sublime.
i was then sent to another specialist in both room and person for another attempt with the camera. but my body was having none of it.
anyone have any advice?
by this snow squall
so this is a conventional film that takes the measure of a country's emotional temperature but not its individual citizens. the game scenes are skillfully done the sound of the body hits lets you know why rugby is an orthopedist's delight. cgi shots and other effects seamlessly fill the stands with thousands and convert contemporary south african locations back years.
there were roughly ladies in attendance. i was told that some hadn’t shown up today due to trips or sick kids. i didn’t mind and was very happy about the small group. it was intimate and i was able to relax more.
so what do you have to do??
babe don’t stop moving give me every chance
my pal titus and i were talking the other night...(talking hotrods and our professed love of all things speed and custom) and i mentioned i wanted to use a cherry ford dash in the window.
what she really said: i am better than you at life. i have my priorities straight and get everything done. i won't let anyone see that sometimes i'm not in control of my life. i will reach down (from my pedestal) and try to lift you up to my standards.
pain on the page but never will you hear an ouch.
but this book is smartly updated with the current trend of rescuing dogs. the service dog training scenes are believable. grace's grief for her dad is realistic. i actually expected this book to be kind of silly considering the talking dog but in the end i found it sweet and touching.
when life demands adhere to it.
america as a nation has many problems and yet what other country in the world can attest to the fact that people or dying to be here? there is a dream in their heart to be a part of this great nation and to live in the land of good and plenty as a member of one body. so why do we keep the line of separation as a constant reminder? the hyphenation which line that separates all races and the word american.
sponsor is crafts and me
thats all you need to do so take a look at these fab prize leave your name with mr linky and the draw will be held in weeks.
combine the broccoli bell pepper pea pods or asaparagus carrot and green onions in a large bowl.
. his concern over stars magnifies his concern over his people
and with this last syllable still hanging in the air i whisk away for a hot shower. my terrible night's sleep combined with this brutal congestion leaves me barely functional.
taco seasoning
one of the things we tend to shy away from when we "eat healthier" is oil and fat. but the truth is our bodies need fat. not a lot of course. and not animal byproducts. i am not talking eating a pound of bacon a day here. i am talking about oil. plain pure and simple. it can be canola olive coconut safflower sunflower peanut soybean. you can get a list online of healthy oils. now here is a question for you. how is this oil healthiest? in its natural state or when we use it for cooking? natural of course. how much do we need of it a day?
this lenten season my focus is on sacrificing selfishness. i'm going to give up irritation as my first response. my intention is that over the next forty days i will develop some habits that make me less irritated and more grounded. i intend to catch up on my bible study. i intend to participate in some kind of physical activity five days a week. i intend to write each day. all of these activities appear to be all about me. what i've discovered is that if i take care of these things i feel more accomplished and satisfied. as a result i'm able to roll with the events of the day.
how lovely to think of my kitchen full of long braids of red onions hanging in the corners. i cannot wait to have the storehouse that is our exgarage full of winter squash potatoes onions apples and our chest freezer full of tiny sweet peas. there is nothing like a full storehouse of food and a full shed of firewood to give you a feeling of security especially when petrol is now £. per litre. to give my american readers an idea of what that would cost from their generous gallon guzzling pumps; picture paying $. per gallon we are trading our larger car for a small used diesel compact and converting it to using biodiesel at only £. per litre about $. per gallon. it will also get much better mpg from this small car gaining us about mpg on the old one. just in case we are keeping the other older car which uses regular petrol. need to cover our bases as used cooking oil is getting to be impossible to find.
the second name drawn will get my final ribbon roses piece which i blogged about here. it’s laced over stout mount board and is a dainty .″ by ″ and doesn’t include the easel i’m afraid.
example one: the mobile armory app does not require an authenticator.
cena goes for the aa but brock fights out and hits german suplexes.
in the spirit of coming together and to put this behind us i’d like to reach out to emily cier whose extraordinary talents i admire and invite her to collaborate with me on a new free project that we would feature on the moda bake shop in the coming months. please let me know emily. i have no hard feelings and i think you and i as artists share a lot more than anything here that may have divided us. i was thinking we might call the project something like “reconciliation” or perhaps as a nod to you “scrappy reconciliation”?
power i though an actuality
people in work talked about the bomb scare today. nothing too unusual. not a safe downtown area blah blah blah. i was encouraged to be careful.
. hey is it hot in here or it that just you?
eliminating the deterrence argument reduces the debate to the issue of retribution and the nagging question of whether the legal system is capable of error. simply stated it is. many wrongful convictions have been made throughout time and with the death penalty once it is applied it is too late discover or correct errors.
when i look back over my relatively short life on this earth i’m always so thankful about just how lucky i’ve been. born in the early ‘s i grew up in the north of london with my parents and three sisters in a (technically five) bedroom house with a south facing garden and off street parking. the local bus started its route about yards from my front door and finished at my doorstep. unlike pretty much all of my friends my parents never separated and still live a blissful life together today.
coming up next ric flair vs sting.
so back at the slutensuite courtney explained she felt bad about being a huge bitch to everyone on the show in america probably in santa monica and scottsdale too. ben was immediately like “oh totally i mean i’m sorry for even asking” and i wanted to save homeboy from her. i mean the thing is there’s no way around it. when a guy wants a girl to be the one he will do everything the make her the one even if the one talks like a baby all the time and hates humans. i feel for ben. he’s been seduced and in the end he didn’t want to ruin the slutensuite which was the point of the whole thing from the get go.
what i'm referring to here is the blase attitude many have toward marriage these days. get married get divorced days later because of irreconcilable differences...kim k i'm looking at you.
since our party was around a meal time. i decided to make some meaty goodness in addition to the cheese plate. i used this recipe for chocolate honey ribs from the food site with a few tweaks. instead of melted chocolate i used cocoa powder to make sure that it was gluten free. i also used gluten free soy sauce instead of regular soy sauce and added a few dashes of liquid smoke. instead of regular ribs i used pork riblets. i really enjoyed the ribs and the sweet fatty goodness the honey and chocolate brought.
lead poisoning occurs when a person swallows absorbs or inhales lead in any form. the result can be damaging to the brain nerves and many other parts of the body. acute lead poisoning which is somewhat rare occurs when a relatively large amount of lead is taken into the body over a short period of time.
guide created by tracie vaughn zimmer
we remember the victims of this world for the fallen in battle are everywhere. there is such a prodigious spending of lives. there is much senseless and unnecessary suffering so many wasted lives. uncaring brutal violence and terrible torment takes the lives of unnumbered victims. pain stares from too many faces and too many are so very young. there is a sense in which all humanity stands now at the eleventh hour.
ghs was also an extremely pushy school. it was all about its position in the league tables. the school’s motto was “as one that serveth”. this epitomises the teachers’attitude – rather than what the school could do for us the point was what we could do for the school in terms of exam results.
the fact is humans are complex.. there should be no standards
so what should parents be telling their children about lying? i think it should be something like this:
here's a hilarious video of my little trav playing "hoops" with his nephew luke while i was babysitting at their house. too cute for words.
here’s a run down of the appearances i’ll be making while in chicago. on wednesday from i’ll be on the science fiction panel popular tropes and themes & how to write sf that dazzles with ann aguirre beth reavis cindy spencer pape and linnea sinclair.
see problems are not there because somehow we are bad people. problems are there because they are the result of decisions we have made so often without realising it; they will create the same result. problems are there because of things like the lack of discipline habits attitudes and the list goes on. to solve some problems you may have to change your attitude or enter into a place of discipline. you have to change fundamentally from who you are to who you should be.
“therefore it cannot be overstretched to cover an inquiry into the death of this nature wherein an inquiry by the magistrate under the cpc is more appropriate and sanctioned by the law” he said.
why don't you join in on the fun you'll love the sketches at the midnight madness the design team there is talented and oh so friendly. beyond the challenge though i know i'll be returning to this sketch many times to come. thanks priscilla
i've been feeling stressed out the last couple of days. i have some issues with depression and anxiety and as i was working on this page i was thinking about how even in the midst of those struggles my creativity is there to carry me througheven in the midst of darkness creativity blooms.
traffic
sky garden ::
made from flourcloth chenille cotton batt wools ~
you could open the door according to dora but that way didn’t go to the court. instead rel spread his arms and reimagined them as wings. a handful of feathers freckled with brown spots and tipped with shimmering green he had to work to get that colour; dora’s feathers were an exquisite iridescent blue naturally drifted to the floor as he flexed then sprang forward straight at the cliff.
any other fans out there?
i’m not a hard to apologize to. given that i feel the sincerity of the apology sure. you are forgiven. and with honest forgiving you forget that person’s faults and go back to the way things used to be. most of the time i forgive without thinking. especially if that person means a lot to me. my feelings can be controlled my pain will heal but getting a valued friend back; that may take some time. time that i do not want to wait painfully through.
they were shot on thursday evening after they had reversed at speed out of the driveway of their house and failed to stop when challenged by police.
so when the pulp cover painter thinks about picking which moment to illustrate he seems to be asking himself "what's the most exciting moment in the whole book i can pick to show on the cover?" i imagine this is what sells books; those books are all about action so a potential buyer probably looks at all the covers and picks the one that looks like it has the most exciting story inside. so i think of this way of working as the "pulp cover" or "comic book" approach to picking the moment you use as the basis for your illustration and it seems to be all about getting as much action as you can into one image and putting the viewer right in the middle of the violence.
odendaal hj. adverse effects of maternal smoking on preterm labour and abruptio placentae. international journal of gynecology and obstetrics ; : .
“the environmental program now underway at the weapons complex is in the very early stages and little actual cleanup has been done. it may be impossible with current technology to remove contaminants from many groundwater plumes and deeply buried soils within reasonable bounds of time and cost. many sites may never be returned to a condition suitable for unrestricted public access.” (box a pg. ).
i put off making the call all morning so it was after two o’clock in the afternoon that i found myself in front of the telephone with the family’s number scribbled on a postit beside me. i’d spent all morning playing with the dog in the back garden the sun streaming through the trees. he was a bright intelligent dog who appeared to enjoy playing fetch and didn’t suffer at all with the pollen or anything else outdoors. he made me smile and laugh; and i realised that i didn’t do these things very much in my own company. it was a shame i was going to have to give him up.
he said years from there bigamy is no longer outlawed on d earth where the population is down to one billion people with % all women.
moving the furniture was damn near impossible and even though i live with my brother and nephew and niece i wouldn't think of asking for help (see a trend here?) there was no place to put anything in my living room so i moved things mostly filled rather than unloading everything. those ikea shelves weigh a ton when loaded and don't like to be moved and those old tables well they are great cause the tops are enameled and can be scraped with a razor blade. but the legs are all wobbly and the leaves want to fall off and the floor is way crooked so i shimmied and shoved and grunted and groaned till they were in place then i took tylenol and slept in the recliner till my knees wanted to work again.
"pitcher plants are carnivorous plants whose preytrapping mechanism features a deep cavity filled with liquid known as a pitfall trap. foraging flying or crawling insects such as flies are attracted to the cavity formed by the cupped leaf often by visual lures such as anthocyanin pigments and nectar bribes. the sides of the pitcher are slippery and may be grooved in such a way so as to ensure that the insects cannot climb out. they drown the insect and the body of it is gradually dissolved."
i said “yes?”
in a meadow the elf laughed in a sing song voice he confessed.
got to tell meself something nice though haven’t i? need to boost the ego surely? we all need a confidence boost don’t we?
violated the strict pursuit policy for instance by chasing a motorist who fled while getting a traffic ticket.
maybe because shepard fairey offered it as a free download people thought that meant "take and do whatever you want with it that's cool"...
the act of really reading a book especially a book which contains at its centre a thesis about something is the act of being confronted with another mind of submitting to that mind’s thoughts for the duration of the book and then of evaluating the content based on its own merits. in short a book is a solemn confrontation with the codified knowledge of a real other and before we can truly be masters of books we must become their subjects and allow them to act upon us. (for more on this please read here.) by contrast i think that the digitization of books encourages a kind of false mastery over the book; the force of the digital mentality—the googlization of our minds—short circuits this hallowed intellectual process. and this is because books in eform become ‘just another media’ another thing we can google another thing to which we are encouraged to apply ‘google’ thinking and not patient contemplation. we are tempted (especially if you are reading for information and not primarily for pleasure) to search it for the sections one requires then take those sections and ignore the rest. rather than wrestling with the whole we are encouraged to plunder its parts. and in this way the printed book preserves some of the integrity of our increasingly scattered thoughts.
my final website has functioning web pages and the javascript elements all working as they should. you can change the colour of the font the size of the font and the type of font. initially i was going to change the background colour for a bit of variation but it turns out it would have been too difficult to do with how the css and html interacted with eachother although there are no known compatibility issues between ie and firefox. overall i’m pleased with the result now i just have to write my evaluation and double check that the validation checks out hooray
and it’s a shame how vehemently some sports writers attacked paterno for this because jerry sandusky is alledgedly the real culprit here. there is no doubt about that. sandusky is the villain in this case as he alledgedly terrorized abused and raped at least eight young boys causing irreparable harm on their lives forever.
this year easter was a little delayed because oif some family health issues so we're having "easter" dinner tomorrow.
on january st they appeared as the special musical guests on fox’s hit tv series glee where they performed “smooth criminal” in the michael jackson tribute episode. this was the first time that an instrumental duo had performed on the show in this coveted guest spot. the cellos’ arrangement of the song which featured actors grant gustin and naya rivera sold incredibly well debuting at # on the billboard hot digital songs chart and landing the cellos album in the top .
happy mother's day i hope that many of you are being spoiled rotten today by your husbands and kiddos. it is such a great thing to have a mom and be a mom and wonderful that there is a holiday to celebrate motherhood. i was inspired to create a couple of simple mother's day
the (potentially) ugly:
. the smithereens (eone)
this is a character i had been wanting to do for a while. i had found a model who was a very good sport about it so i got the supplies ( huge turbo jet rollers clips nightie and hairdresser to put it all together)and set it up.
mitt romney is an old hand at campaigning by now and it shows. his answers to questions are clear and obviously well thought out. unfortunately he has a habit of only answering half a question and glossing over the rest and that's going to become more noticeable as time goes on especially if he overtakes perry as frontrunner and assumes perry's role as punching bag for the rest.
saying?
but i still want to make sure that you are well.
at that point mr. big was still in my tummy and little r just hadn't fine tuned his devilish ways yet... so here we are years later and it's ruined.
but alas the black backup singer has come back in the body of a young english girl as a lead singer who owns the world. did she really record "" when she was years old? she's truly an old soul. adele has touched so many people because of the emotion and pain she emotes in her songs. the melodies harken the soulful sounds of 's and 's and amplifies them with the rules of this decade.
. i honestly want to participate in a marathon or a walkathon or something that is physically exerting. i will worry about the physical pain afterwards.
beautiful. fearless. dangerous. they're the kind of girls you envy; the kind of girls you want to hate. strangers in town for the summer penn thea and lexi have caught everyone's attention including the eye of practical harper. but it's her sister gemma they've chosen to be part of their group.
the pollywogs down in the pond
born william cuthbert falkner
 time for a change
this year's brood was not so lucky. yesterday i found the nestcarefully made of moss dried grass and hairs from lexi's white undercoaton the slate floor of the porch. its three occupants were scattered around it dead. aside from the disproportionately large yellow beaks (put that worm right here mom) they were a mass of gray fuzz. their lids were closed over their bulbous eyes and their threadthin necks were bent at odd angles. i got the broom and swept babies and nest into the mulch. earth to earth...
in that way one destroys the system at very least on that personal individual level in one’s own reality universe. and the more people would do that – the weaker and weaker the system will become and hopefully eventually collapse completely.
once low selfesteem is formed the person becomes hypersensitive — they experience “selfesteem attacks” that take the form of embarrassment or shame sorenson adds.
as there was still lots of snow on the ground this morning and it was rather chilly out i really layered up:
“i have had quite a few dogs in with problems due to eating this food mainly digestive. we always say cheap dog food is a vets best friend…it gives us more business”
unschooling does not bestow climbing ability on unschooled kids. genes determine how much monkey climbing ability we get. the conventional parenting rule to keep them safe erects a "no" cage based on mom's fears rather than the child's ability. a "no" cage prevent kids and moms from discovering what they are capable of today (which may be different from last week.)
but he feels he needs a huge change so he packs it all up and he moves his family to kentucky where he intends to start a new life away from the memories...
 decide
“see that up the road?” the whitehaired nickel miner slowed his beat up oldwheeler to idle. its ancient petro engine shot white puffs into the freezing morning air.
* northwestern university illinois (usa)
so here are my wishes:
"do you believe he really will come back one day and take care of you?" we asked the sixtyfive year old spry and energetic grandfather. "yes" was his reply.
never think of never
the three i am going to list are the most readily available at your local liquor superstore. you may even be able to find at least one of these at your smaller neighborhood store and if they don't carry it ask and tell them why it would be beneficial for them to carry them.
it was during that anticlimactic epiphany that i stumbled across a recipe for corn cakes complimented by a savory shrimp and lump crabmeat salad. it was literally moments later that i was down to the grocery store gathering ingredients.
and i came away with the disturbing knowledge that once you take the "pink" and horse books out of the equation series with female protagonists do not seem to be being written for emerging readers. we have boys having adventures and boyirl pairs. apparently girls can't stand aloneeven as animal charactersunless they are princesses or fairies.
. “fear uncertainty and discomfort are your compasses toward growth.”
fast forward to years from now…google is using its position as a software provider and hardware manufacturer to optimize its platform around key hardware elements such as the chipset. the carriers have been migrated out of the hardware specification business by google for over years. companies such as intel and qualcomm are being played off of each other by a few centralized platform providers (e.g. apple google) who essentially control the chipset providers (and other key parts providers) market share by balancing their software optimizations. in other words with fewer players controlling the ecosystem parts providers must sell to “the few” rather than “the many” and have their market share dictated to them by “the few”. think of this visually as a funnel with qualcomm’s large sales force as the large opening and google and apple being the small stem of the funnel.
in honour of my optimistic spring feeling today i am giving you a recipe for a lovely daffodil cake. i hope you try it and it brings a little sunshine to your day.
apart from it making you extra sexy special interesting and just generally amazing (no factual basis for these) it also has a profound effect on your overall health and well being. just check out these little articles i found on the subject:
this is an interesting idea taking the same print in differing sizes and pairing them together. i do like the way it looks especially with the belt. i have the skirt (bought with the % promo) and it is beautiful. many bloggers have done reviews of these pieces. if you have would you mind dropping the links into the comments???
in respect of pornography many of you may approve of what is happening however i take the view that all censorship is dangerous because you never know where it will end and we as a group are after all no less censored than any dirty film maker. furthermore it is another example of legislation achieving an effect through the public perception of what it means which it would never achieve if tested in a court of law.
it seems that nick walkley ceo of barnet has enough time on his hands to harrass barnet traders and get the police to visit them when they put out leaflets he doesn't like. it seems tha roads chief brian coleman has enough time on his hands to harrass traders in their own shops 
“inch by inch she works her way along his bowel until she hits…pay dirt”
thanks for taking the time to visit my blog off to make dinner now will be back later to look at some other blogs.
the david cone card is a nice card it's a horizontal shot that is head and shoulders better than the pinnacle photo. tied back up at each.
chris would wait up ahead and watch for cindi to wave so he could get my picture. the relay people went straight ahead at this point while all the half and full runners turned. it really didn’t affect the crowd much (the relay people joined back up a block or two later after their exchange).
imagination in quite a big way. then there's the way people
.) you must have recently commented on a blog post in your email let me know which post you commented on.
 tbsf oil. you can use any. does not matter
"that the scifi channel should never be allowed to make anything 'original'. elaborate with examples." (and the fact that they generally hire one good actor david hewlett misha collins lucy brown rhys ifans to try and disguise a heap of shit is not a fact which can be adduced in their defense.)
. you keep copyright in your work at all times.

i bought it :d
sounds just short of tar and feathers for this bird brained bird egg burglar guess it could have been worse. just imagine if all these birds had ganged up on this bozo
at this year’s boma international conference nurturing the next generation of commercial real estate professionals was a big topic of discussion. our internship program is a step in that direction. what’s your property or company doing to pave the way for young people to work in commercial real estate? your thoughts and ideas may inspire others so please share.
i have had very little luck on tpt so far but i do offer only five items. i have had four sales in all in four months. i know i can get several more items up but time doesn't exactly permit at times. i do not know how to promote a store and it even seems like a challenge to promote this weblog so people know the store exists in the first place.
i think thats it?
marvin's life and music and murder has become the stuff of legend and as i watched and thought of that i had to realize that many of the american olympians weren't even alive when marvin gave that performance. i found it hard to believe that i recall that period of time that some many others at this moment weren't even present for. all of this brought a thought i have considered for some time that as much as brooklyn new york and the world are changing it's really eras of time that are drifting glacierlike across a sea of time.
tyler seguin
crumbs dustbusterhuntergatherer.
downsides include the fact that orchardgrass also can outcompete legumes in its area lowering the overall energy yield for a field. orchardgrass also becomes less palatable to livestock as it matures.
so i am posting about my tnt today. yes yes i know it isn't thursday yet. but i have a tutorial to post tomorrow for the sew red for women blog hop and there was just no way i could wait a whole week to tell you the new thing i tried on saturday. so . . . i am posting a day early. (oh and no worries there will still be the regular tnt linky tomorrow i will just be linking to this post :)
. a dnf’er may wear a race shirt if... the letters dnf are boldly written on the shirt in question (using a fat sharpie or a marksalot).
she is currently performing in her west end show debbie reynolds: alive and fabulous.
christmas day we woke up quite late and procceeded after many delays and much stumbling slowly around to open our stockings and the rest of our gifts.
they are probably posting photos of today's real topic
· skip paige senior vice president goldenvoiceoachella
it has been a very nice warmish day here hope it has been nice where you are
if you listen by that grave in sun and shower
and so here’s the thing
more below. . .
) baltimore ravens: de chandler jones
blinker definition: i define people that i come into contact with as either slow blinkers or fast blinkers. you have to have something to size people up by. you do it too you can “blink both ways” but you are mostly one or the other. i know i am a fast blinker because when i talk slow blinkers look out of the top of their eyes at me. i am sure “conservative connecticut catholic cathy” found me a bit overwhelming. this was never going to work.
my playgrounds it they burned replaced by tracks and bounds
a shopkeeper took the boys in and james called his father who took the three straight to the royal oldham hospital.
bp danielson ge ayala and jt kimata; detection of xenotropic murine leukemia virusrelated virus in normal and tumor tissue of patients from the southern united states with prostate cancer is dependent on specific polymerase chain reaction conditions; j infect dis. () (): . doi: .
thurs jan: newcastle occupation meeting st john's church hall newcastle (more details when available)
excursions further afield can be arranged in the week. during the summer we usually head once a week to the river zêzere off road to a piece of isolated paradise for a swim with the kids and the dogs. clay baking yourself in the sunshine is delicious for the skin and a highly recommended experience.
six years ago i was encouraged by a staff person at an organization for parents to facilitate a support group for parents and care givers of persons with fragile x syndrome the disorder my son was diagnosed with. i put together resource materials started a yahoo group for the support group bought folders created stickers brochures and flyers and scheduled monthly meetings but no one attended.
every creative journey begins with a problem. it starts with a feeling of frustration the dull ache of not being able to find the answer. when we tell one another stories about creativity we tend to leave out this phase of the creative process. we neglect to mention those days when we wanted to quit when we believed that our problems were impossible to solve. instead we skip straight to the breakthroughs. the danger of telling this narrative is that the feeling of frustration – the act of being stumped – is an essential part of the creative process. before we can find the answer – before we probably even know the question – we must be immersed in disappointment convinced that a solution is beyond our reach. it's often only at this point after we've stopped searching for the answer that the answer arrives. all of a sudden the answer to the problem that seemed so daunting becomes incredibly obvious.
in an example of the effects of junk science coming out of the golden state pepsi and coke are changing the ingredient for the caramel color in their products as a result of one study that found the ingredient might cause cancer in lab rats at a dosage equivalent of a person drinking more than cans of coke or pepsi per day.
don’t you just love it when you get the chance to feel both capable and superior? this must be how joanna lumley feels all the time.
i have been noticing some strange and disturbing things lately. i just read that amid all the poverty in today’s world that a painting called “the scream” by edvard munch just sold for almost onehundred and twenty million dollars. and the picture looks exactly like something my son drew and hung on the refrigerator when he was in kindergarten
like i said perhaps this is poetic language or maybe there was something else 'in die pyp'. perhaps naudé should help his reader towards his sources on postcolonial theory apart from jeff radebe and the afrikaans braaivleis vure. if fanon is correct in "wretched of the earth" then the anc government should rather be understood as a "nationalist bourgeoisie" who simply don't have the imagination to transcend the colonial script. they (and mr jeff rabebe) are not the proponents of postcolonial theory. if said is correct in "orientalism" then our constructions of reality like africanness or westernness are just that: constructions that need to be read historically and which can be changed. that is why postcolonial theory is deconstructing essentialisms and outdated binaries in the process of reimaging hybridity and liberating syncretisms. this kind of thinking has nothing to do with ideological fundamentalism or with the continuation of victim or guilty binaries so entrenched in the anc's (actually mbeki's) form of nativism (x mangcnu). unless naudé worktruggle with this framework he is either ignorant or simply misleading in his understanding of postcolonial theory but also in his analysis of the current elite transition being executed in front of our eyes. what's happening under the anc is another form of trickery according to postcolonial theorist and author or "on the postcolony" achille mbembe. it should not astound us that the most fruitful postcolonial work up to date has been done through poetry and prose where words images experiences are experimented within the fluidity of culture in the postcolony. this artistry does play with holy boundaries and expose outdated dogmas but most importantly it does so in order to exposing the way literary products have been used as weapons to numb to silence.... one can only hope that this was not (again) the intention of naudé (again) in service of the old dogmas.... we wouldn't know. perhaps it was just an old trick again. how ironic would that be?
sideways their
. favorite christmas movie?
just chocolate.
taking us back over a year ago i want to draw our attention to the student solidarity trust report (sst). this report was in regards to a study into female students at the university of zimbabwe which concluded that students had to resort to prostitution due to desperation. they were exploited by gardeners who promised them cheaper or free accommodation if they solicited sex put into a position where they had no means of attending classes unless they made these choices.
okay i fell off the wagon. special lady time will do that to you (thanks shelley for the awesome terminology. i've totally stolen it.) but did you know that lindt makes chocolate with fleur de sel? i love a touch of salt when i have sweets and this was soooo good. how could i resist?
) you despise michael bay for masturbating on your childhood
you too encounter versions of these things which it would be better not to discuss.
“the balch”
while i was out i was thinking even in making an effort to be closer to him – lunch scrabble – it’s not going to work. i’ve lived with this long enough to know there will be a backlash. probably not something mean. just a subtle perfectly acceptable way to pull back. i would bet you on it. i’ll keep you posted.
i woke up this morning with so many email – work twitter stumbleupon digg tumblr wordpress – all of them. it made my day one particular spam made me write this article. it is a realization i was given an advise on how i can drive traffic into my site by going into a certain website back links and being on top of google searches etc. i honestly appreciated it – unfortunately she is barking on a wrong tree. you see – and i would say i am not the only one who will agree on this why it made my day when i woke up with my social emails is – it is not fake no force and no special techie effort on my site traffic and i am proud of my small group of followers. you can bawl all you like but that is my stand – i have a purpose when i created my site months back and it is still the same up to now. yes it depends
and time enough for one more beer.
purport
my new marianne design anja border lr arrived yesterday and couldn't wait to play it's on both the edges of my card and has little roses embossed beautiful and of course matches perfectly with the marianne d anja corner lr. flowers are from wild orchid crafts.

churchill was aware that religions compete with one another for power and territory and he knew the truth of slavery. in the river war:” the stronger race soon began to prey upon the simple aboriginals... but all without exception were hunters of men. to the great slavemarket at jeddah a continual stream of negro captives has flowed for hundreds of years ... the dominant race of arab invaders was unceasingly spreading its blood religion customs and language among the black aboriginal population and at the same time it harried and enslaved them” and "individual moslems may show splendid qualities but the influence of the religion paralyses the social development of those who follow it. ()
so today i was shopping with my parents. yes people do that don`t judge me …
the reason why you should is also simple: change the world is the only reason small note; the change can be as little as can be but still have to be world changing.
let us consider an example user alice wants to communicate with user bob . proxy and proxy help to setup the session on behalf of the users. this common arrangement of the proxies and the endusers is called “sip trapezoid”.
and blue spurt of a lighted match
chewing on boys for your survival
and shine you through and through.
i made dinner for a woman in mom's club the other day. she just gave birth to a healthy baby girl at the age of . i wish i could be happy for her....but you know how that goes. she made my family dinner twice after camille died which i thought was incredibly kind. i figured i should return the favor. i told my husband that he had to drive with me over to their house i didn't want to stay long and i wanted an excuse to leave quickly. she has a year old son too sigh. talked to her briefly asked her how she was feeling....tired of course. she asked me how i was and i don't even know what i said. i managed to ask what her daughters name was she was holding her the whole time. i couldn't ask about the baby. i wished them a good night and left. my husband drove me to yoga class which i was getting to just in the nick of time. i wasn't sure if i'd be able to get to class that night. it was such a long day. i took kai to a mom's club event strewn with babies and people who give less than a small shit about my loss. but i took kai because he needed to get out. the president of the moms club is a very kind woman and just recently sent me a card telling me that she thinks of me all the time. i thought that was incredibly sweet. so between moms club and making dinner for my family and the other family yoga was not a given.
duncan geach
i go running over to her and introduce myself. "hi mom. i'm andrea." she snaps at me "i know who you are" but by her conversation i know she has no idea. i go ahead and introduce her to my bff even though they met a couple of times a few years ago. bff is wiping tears away because she has heard about the degeneration but can't believe it.
"and ukip is for all its faults the biggest of the freedom loving democracy loving independent minded parties. and i don’t like this splitting off which is very prone to happen in those smaller parties precisely because you have to be independent minded to start with. and this makes everyone willing to fight and go their own way."
“the fbi suspects a number of serial killers are working as longhaul truckers the better to cover up their monstrous deeds.” it looks like they’ve found one:
 tangled up in blue
alas for the wheels of our hastening youth
all that is gone now as hyde and smith continue to push the band towards the radio friendly pop end of the market; the respect they once garnered has faded.
however if any newsnight viewer did come away from the programme believing that these attacks were being carried out by blond australian surfers no doubt battering their victims with tinnies full of amber nectar as bbc apparently wanted them to believe they would be sorely mistaken and indeed misled.
i'm trying to crack on with making my christmas cards right now so when i saw this week's theme for the challenge over on less is more is 'stars' i was really happy as i can enter today's card.
normally i use solid cardstock for my photo mats. but this simple black and light light gray halloween paper is perfect for photo mats. i tried to cut the paper so that some of the fun phrases will show at the edges of the photographs. after adding the matting to the pages i felt like more definition was needed. i used my two layer stampin' up corner punch to create corners for the photo mats and random page corners. this punch is one of my favorite stampin' up products
today is the birthday of robert alda (alfonso giuseppe giovanni roberto d’abruzzo ). he started out as a singer and dancer in vaudeville then moved to burlesque when vaudeville tanked. his son alan alda relates many funny (and disturbing) anecdotes of what the life was like in leslie zemeckis’s documentarybehind the burley q. his big break was playing george gershwin in the biopic rhapsody in blue. always a lacklustre screen presence he nevertheless worked steadily if somewhat unmemorably in film and television for the rest of his life. his broadway career had more high points with leads in guys and dolls the owl and the pussycat and what makes sammy run? among others.
can i say paranormal urban fantasy with a romantic twist?
bohemia is light golden in color with decent head retention yet little lacing. fantastic light floral and herbal hop aroma that you don’t get in most mexican brewed lagers. taste brings sweet malts clear balance and a clean finish with a considerate bitterness. bohemia is a fantastic substitute for the american adjunct lager.
despite fuller saying that focussing solely on the internet goes against the company’s reputation for “quality” content the price waterhouse report predicts that print magazines will only be around for the “short term”. only time will tell if this is the case.
impaled on the points of taslin's violet glare rel took a step back. "rissad chose the risk over staying to accept another round of your handling. don't dare deny your kind have a lot to answer for."
mindfulness to me is a strange term. it conjures up “newagey images” and big floating buddha statues.
tony is well travelled and has lived in places all over the world. he's an englishman at heart though and in recent years has moved back to the uk to be with his love a woman who is also part of squidoo debnet .
i was unable to get out of bed due to the monitors. everytime the nurse would come in she would go directly to the screen to check my contractions and the heartbeat. i was also not allowed food or water. i told the nurse i had sensative teeth so i couldn't eat ice chips. she said she'd be back and came in with a jug full of ice cubes. they were too big for my mouth. when she left my husband told me to just let them melt and then drink it. that sounded like a great idea only the nurse took my jug from and put fresh ice cubes in them.
“the one thing worth living for is to keep one’s soul pure.” (marcus aurelius)
“please help restore our hearts and the standing of our university among its peers” it wrote.
this level requires minimal to no cleaning. these guests are so close to me that i do not mind if they catch me with a sink filled with dishes or a basket of laundry on the couch. when it comes to this group if i do not have time or energy to clean....i don't
oil two baking sheets and place the the slices of zucchini and eggplant on the sheets. bake until softened about minutes. while those are in the oven brown the ground beef and mix in the spaghetti sauce. in a separate bowl mix together the ricotta cheese eggs and spices. layer the ingredients into a casserole pan. i put a bit of sauce in the bottom of the pan eggplant sauce ricotta mixture mozzarella zucchini sauce ricotta mixture and mozzarella. bake for minutes to warm it through.
the first thing i did of course was climb to the top of the acropolis and look down over athens. this was a really awesome experience. the climb is a pretty easy hike the only problem is the slick slick slick marble steps leading up to it. the path on the way up is surrounded by olive trees which is perfect because according to the myth that’s how athena got to be the goddess of athens she gave the gift of the olive tree. the ruins have been excellently preserved by archaeologists and they’ve done some reconstructing which i didn’t know how i felt about that but they made it so you could very easily tell what was reconstructed by leaving it a bright white color. when a lot of people think of the acropolis they only think of the parthenon but there is a lot more up there. if fact my favorite part of the acropolis was probably the theatre of herodes atticus. another one i really enjoyed was the erechtheum which has the porch of caryatids. even though the ones up there are replicas they still look majestic and so beautiful.
spoon girls can tell 
. the striped side by side tiles from flor would be perfect for the playroom since each tile can be picked up washed off and be put back into place so there's no need to worry if some juice is spilled or if a painting spree goes wrong
when we finally feel better (read: no longer have a pimple the size of texas on our darling button nose) we’ll go out in public again – go for a run or a walk on the beach wear pants. allow you to look at us. eat fatfree ice cream again. and like it.
southern accents charm and hospitality is something i will never forget . i haven't been so happy for a very long time. i had time to relax and think. i had time to think about what is important for me and what is that i value most in this life.. and sometimes it takes georgia trip to make me think about important things in life...
here is one of the pale objects from the house of hearts .. ..
“you learned that from the tv not your best friend. you’re a robot. you’re a sheep baaaa”
i have this weird phobia of red lipstick yet i can't stop collecting them. i always feel overdressed if i wear a red during the day so i reserve them for fancy night time dinners and outings. unfortunately those fancy night time dinners and outings rarely happen and i realised that my chanel dragon rouge allure laque was just going to waste.
the women cried openly.
james m. gartenberg new york n.y.
and then he leans back on his stool all casual like. i really don't know what to say. i guess that i have to take his words on faith alone a little bit of belief slice of hope?
eternally grateful. you cant posibly understand just how precious much your love means to me. you are so much more than my husband. you are my best friend. you are the amazing father of our children. you are my lover. you are my support system. you are my partner. you are all mine.
where we were…when
there is a familiar feeling about the end of this season not just in the inconsistencies of recent performances. next year will be better. it will wojciech szczesny says so
every other actor has a "read off the cue cards" look in their eyes every minute they're onscreen so it doesn't really matter if they do a good acting job or not only that they die on cue. even the cops on fuad's case can't be said to emote more than jack webb or harry morgan... these guys must be working the swing shift.
. brownsville
come and listen to a story ‘bout a gal named sarah
meanwhile my husband amazes me with an attention to details that completely skip over my head.
our next task was finding a way to tell chris's family. we decided to send them a special little token. we went to hobby lobby and purchased two cute little boxes then we purchased some baby gift wrap. i wrapped each box with the baby gift wrap:
it's just not the same...and all because of thoughtless people.
and of course portland is just about the most awesome city i've ever been to (barcelona a close second). so there is that too.
grace races towards the burning building and is relieved when she sees her son adam and his classmates out on the lawn. but where's jenny her teenage daughter who's stepped in as school nurse for the day? why is she still in the building? with no thought to her own safety grace goes in to pull her daughter out of the rapidly deteriorating structure.
so give it a go enjoy it taste it. you will love it
the world was ever so vast.
wind and sleety rain battering against the windows nice and snug indoors i was slowing down growing a little tired... when i heard the most heavenly music voices singing of a silent night i opened the door three little angels stood there bedragled and cold. i rushed them quickly inside rinsed off their wings and hung them up to dry.
when you think about living somewhere countless of other people have lived it really makes it easy to wanna just run in hide in the corner. all the potential germs can make you sick. so you just need to spend a day cleaning it and sanitizing it yourself so you can feel comfortable in your new home.
and even more than that the siren loved cecile and raymond's car ride after he gets the inevitable phone call. they jump into his convertible and wind down the road and for once preminger's buildup isn't too longthe car stops in front of the roadblock at exactly the right moment and its lurch throws you back even though you already know what you're going to see.
we silly little human beings are obsessed by ourselves we really are. our entire lives revolve around our own being as we feel we are the centre of each of our own universes and nothing in the world will ever change that. so the very idea that when we the lords of all creation die well that's it folks shows over chums turn off the lights feed the cat for me when i’m gone etc etc. well it totally freaks our minds out because it kinda confirms that we aren’t really that significant and the world will in fact keep on turning after we pop our clogs.
chicken breast cooked and diced
the furor over wilson would lead to congressional oversight into the eatsco contract which would find over $ million in overbilling. eatsco would lose the contract. shackley and clines had already been forced to leave the cia due to their association with wilson. shackley who had long been expected to be a future head of the agency lost that possibility in the uproar.
the debate about gay marriage is not about civil rights and certainly not about the equal rights amendment which was passed following the civil war to ensure that newly enfranchised black citizens received formerly denied protections. the th amendment ratified on december bans slavery. the th amendment was ratified on july . neither applies to homosexuality.
back to like now though.
the airline said it is seeking advice to challenge the ruling.
you know usually i go for the bad guys but jack was just too sweet to resist reading about him just made me want to melt into a pile of warm mush. i cannot explain how much i am in love with him right now.. his love for nikki is heartbreaking. he loves her so much that it hurts it physically hurts and for her to be gone months for him to lose her i can't even imagine... my heart shatters for him. i wanted to reach in and take away his pain hug him and hold him♥
### fastcompany.com january 
david chawngthu
but i’m not afraid
for wool clothing i use:
again like le fumoir this is a bar that is equipped to make what you want and can put out a good cocktail. but again this one didn’t impress me from a cocktail perspective as much as the experimental (where you get the impression that the person behind the bar is not just willing but interested in discussing the cocktail and its creation and the various ingredients to give you exactly what you want)
 rail transportation
beyond its immediate appeal as a cute rustic cabinlike getaway walking studio may well read as a significant material marker of the way borsato’s many ephemeral works—from ’s touching people to ’s revolving walking studio residencies at don blanche—have gelled into a very concrete art career.
i hate that titanic is so popular because it is bad. i don’t think titanic is bad because it is popular. so i dunno… maybe it is exactly what it looks like.
in the past few weeks i have been busy buying for the next run of fairs. these large wooden spools from france have been selling well and they look great displayed on some of my antique and recycled indian painted furniture.
it’s a dirty secret but those of us who work creatively whether we paint sculpt take photos design buildings or play in a quartet also want the things that cubedwellers do. our groceries cost the same our gas just as overpriced.
i will still be doing what i am doing now but i will be mainly working from home.
and now i'll click publish
when: tuesday december rd at : pm
mix soup salsa and taco seasoning in the bottom of your crockpot. sink chicken breasts into the mixture covering completely. cook on low for to hours.
the company claimed that a “new” policy began in march which said employees are “expected to be at work on time or find a suitable replacement for their scheduled shifts.” judge amchan ruled that this was not a substantial policy change.
april: "i never fucking said i was bitch"
but he gets it out of his system.
another person complained that “someone certainly didn’t put much thought into creating the questions or ability for users to be able to find a question they really could answer.”
in the movie a boy and a girl are chosen annually from each district to battle to the death until one “tribute” remains. this was done on big outdoor screens throughout the country complete with “survivor” type commentator to keep the storyline fresh and exciting and a team of technicians that could manipulate the scenes and storyline.
most refugee claimants will still get coverage similar to most provincial health plans while officials determine whether their claim is genuine but coverage for prescription drugs glasses and dentist visits would disappear.
christy nockels
if i can't remember these happy silly things then i certainly don't want to remember . but how can i forget? how can any of us forget? do we really need to be told to remember?
(here's a picture of the homemade chocolate cake with homemade frosting.)
. what are the hiring practices for bus captains? how rigorous and stringent is their probation period before they are allowed onto the roads? for new citizens or foreign employees what are the practices involved in ensuring that they are familiarised with the road conduct in singapore and its traffic rules?
after dinner we got in the car and drove to spencer’s work (just a block away) to put some power steering fluid in his car since at the moment it was inoperable otherwise. as he came back over to get back in the car i blindfolded him and sat him down in the passenger’s seat. we drove around for about minutes so he wouldn’t know where we were going. we ended up at his parent’s house. unfortunately i underestimated preston’s ability to keep a secret because as soon as we drove up he yelled “mimi grandpa” spencer laughed and said “why did he just say mimi and grandpa?” and i just pretended like i didn’t hear either of them.
you do not have production house until you’ve fit your sample
but as george lois an early ddb art director (and an advertising legend in his own right) tells imseng “the seed for the creative revolution was planted” at that agency when bernbach met graphic designer paul rand. working closely with rand a brilliant conceptual artist spurred bernbach’s passion to break out of the typical ad agency structure of the time. instead of the copywriter conceptualizing the ad alone and then handing off the copy to a commercial artist to be laid out bernbach realized the creative process could be much stronger if the writer and artist actually worked together sharing ideas and feeding off each other’s inspirations.
to gather us up...
rockville centre new york (population ): after a fourmonth search involving more than applicants rockville centre mayor francis murray and the board of trustees have chosen a former new york city police inspector to be the new village administrator according to the li herald. keith spadaro will replace frank quigley who was removed from the position in october murray announced at a special mondayafternoon board of trustees meeting. the board voted unanimously to approve the appointment of spadaro who has been a village resident for years. he and his wife stacy have three children katie keith and caroline . though spadaro will not begin his new job until march murray and former village consultant anthony cancellieri will bring him up to speed on village affairs in the coming weeks. murray removed quigley from the position four months after he was elected as he assembled his administration. spadaro held a variety of positions in his lengthy career with the nypd. most recently he was the commanding officer of its office of information technology where he oversaw the members of the communications division. spadaro graduated from buffalo state college with a business degree in and then joined the air force for officer training and flight school but his military career was cut short because of an injury he suffered in college. for several years he worked as a stock trader for a number of corporations. in while serving as an nypd lieutenant he earned a law degree from new york law school.
based on a vast array of documents from slave testimonies to the papers of confederate bureaucrats to the private letters of travelers from all walks of life sternhell unearths the hidden connections between physical movements and their symbolic meanings individual bodies and entire armies the reinvention of a social order and the remaking of private lives. movement as means of liberation and as vehicle of subjugation lay at the heart of the human condition in the wartime south.learn more about routes of war at the harvard university press website.
going back in time with the family tree research i can’t help but feel drawn to victorian times. my grandma whom i vaguely remember was born in (and lived till well into her s); and it amazes me to think she was around when queen victoria was on the throne.
henderson – almost ditto both of the above. paid way over the top.
to answer the question of what knowledge is in short; knowledge is power and with knowledge all things are possible. power comes as one realizes that hehe is an agent unto themselves; in control of their own destinies. when one has doubts as to hiser ability to attain knowledge or believes themselves to be unworthy of temporal or spiritual growth one relinquishes their agency and thereby loses their power.
me: ok. i give up trying to scare you. you're unscarable.
it was definitely hard to keep it a secret for hours..especially from my mother more pictures to come soon
along the lines somewhere there are times i really forget why i blog. sometimes i get annoyed because i really don't want to do it. am i the only one? sometimes it feels like a chore to me. i mean i know i could get my without blogging everyday but i feel guilty for leaving the people who actually read my blog hanging... is that normal?
we all knew what that noise meant:
star and i looked at the man called sunday. sunday raised an eyebrow at principal sal which highlighted the long scar above the same eye brow. my life and time seemed to suspend for a little while longer.
seven of us are eating dinner. imogen is keeping everyone amused with her longtime ongoing narrative about how jen is her biological mother and the mother she likes best. we are all giggling lots at her stories.
the contemporary western ethos is rooted in the mindbody split and the disregard of the material world. we know it exists because it can hurt as in the case of the table and the misery caused by a tragedy is no illusion. this is the basis of the western delusion that the material world like people is a social construct but it really exists and is the source of out tragedies and pleasures as it acts on our bodies and our bodies interact with it. was it a social construct that killed michael foucault? it was the consequence of his use of his substantial body in the substantial material world of homosexual bath houses.
i do have a lot of pictures to post of things that i have done but i wanted to put this little album that i made for halloween (i know late posting) but it was done before halloween ;o)
guess i better get offf here. not much else to say :)
sl st "hat band" in complementary color.
my mom accidently won the kindle (it was a door prize at an event). we thought winning it was hilarious because we were both staunch realbook supporters. as a result of our aversion to reading on screens the little kindle sat on my shelf gathering dust for the past oh two years.
looks nice doesn't it we cant believe the difference it makes good job we sit facing this wall and the one to be done is behind us. the wind has got up again cant believe just how windy it has been lately no doubt there will be some intrepid boaters who will come by.
which is the highest point of la gomera (m) .... and didn't we know it the coach went up and round and up and round higher and higher into the fog and mist. i was glad i had learned the lessons from girl guiding...be prepared....we were glad we had taken jumpers and cagoules. others hadn't (well it was our summer holiday.)
during the tour our tour guide shared with us a little history of the cave and later parts of the story of the adventures of tom sawyer and the time tom sawyer and becky thatcher got lost in the cave. mark twain is said to have modeled the caves in his stories after the mark twain cave that he would have explored himself as a child.
for video i’m going to run cat throughout the house and use hdmi extenders connected via cat to everywhere we want a tv. the hdmi extenders cost $ each and work great. i bought one and tested it over feet and the video was flawless. one of the subcontractors proposed a $ hdmi extender that does the same thing. they don’t understand that digital is digital; it either works or it doesn’t quality is the same in the digital world.
. there’s a world out there. i remember from back in the day that you wanted to travel and live overseas. i was always confused that little country suburb was in your plan and now i realise that it wasn’t.
– hamlet
and some fardistant childhood time
the main thing i would see as a threat to them would be seeing how google’s algorithm develops towards analysing user intent.
did he think people were going to post flattering images?
he crapped out on me on round . it was stuff like “when do we take a break?” lol i loved it and thought he was going to his room and continue xboxing but he actually stuck around and watched me. i think it was a surprise to him that i was able to do that. and even more surprising to me were two things i saw today. i was able to do a plank partially on my toes and i’m having a much easier time getting up off the floor. yay
i set my alarm fifteen minutes early this morning so that i could prepare a pot of coffee and a basket of fresh muffins for my guests. i assembled an assortment of jams mugs and spoons and a note wishing them well despite the fact that my room had not suited their needs. as i walked past their door i heard them quietly stirring. i returned to my bedroom closed the door and began to ready myself for the work day.
) what are the things that need to happen between now and the end of this year to make this year the single best year i have ever had in my life (i had to add more making it )
“um yes it’s my toilet; it seems to be stopped up.” i say
all you do is set your browser to search for images of the record covers… start hovering your mouse over the images – that way the sites hosting said images will be displayed.
hello my friends ) i have two very different projects to share with you today. this first project was a design team challenge for the inspiration team from... two months ago. i know so sorry that i haven't had the chance to share it until now. hanging head in shame...
so amazing that my body doesn’t know what to do with degrees in march.
. ain't got no heart
“you just need to believe” said master oogway.
sunday is pumpkin carvin' day and nfl football go skins i'm trying new recipes this weekend so the house should smell really yummy one is a spaghetti sauce that simmers all day and another is a macaroni & cheese in the crockpot (a heart attack in a crock pot if you saw the ingredients). i may even have to throw in a starbucks pumpkin spice latte somewhere in here.
it's been too long i've been so busy for the past week or so with moving our of my lovely art deco flat and in with p's parents ready to move into our own place. the good news is we've exchanged and will be dampproofing within the fortnight; the bad news is our former landlady is being quite mean about returning our deposit. despite the fact i scrubbed the whole flat from top to bottom she has branded it 'dirty' and me 'a liar'.
elvis drag? hmmm....
procrastination is a universal theme in human existence. a recent american study found that over % of students procrastinate and just over half have more serious issues with procrastination. the phenomenon is closely linked to akrasia the ancient observation that people often act against their own better judgement. we’re all familiar with the situation when we know we should be investing our time constructively but much to our dismay we find ourselves staring at a blank wall and twiddling our thumbs.
worse imagine that just after you pressured dan girardi along the far boards he swung the puck behind the goal to brad richards who centered to marian gaborik for the gamewinner at : and all you could do was slam your stick against the glass and head to the room as they celebrated.
he laughed. “it’s not hot in here. and you’ve been standing still.”
another great summer soap my mint julep soap has pure spearmint essential oil and mint leaves in it. it's nice and refreshing just like the drink. fresh batch of it ready to ship now.
they gaze out or peer in; their front and back yards; the sheds where
i’m going to reveal my anabaptist sympathies here.
perhaps i looked pathetic. perhaps i looked like i was going to start crying or commit a crime. or maybe this just happens all the time. in any event the woman took pity on me. "if you want to buy a city map for two euros i can give you change" she said. a map? brilliant idea we'll need a map i shoved a euro note toward her. she gave me a map and more importantly a stack of coins. (i have a feeling she sells a lot of those maps.)
and finally property. this used to be what being rich and powerful was about. kings dukes lords. the more land you owned the better. i think times have changed though. the most powerful men in the world aren’t property tycoons they’re businessmen. multibillion dollar multinational companies that invade the economies of other countries. the whole blood and guts and gore thing is so unnecessary when you can enslave a nation economically. however i don’t think i would enjoy the life of a business man. a hour job just doesn’t appeal to me. i’d rather be the guy who invests in the business man’s idea and lets him burn himself out while i take a cut of the profits. look at warren buffet. he doesn’t own a single company of his own yet until recently he was the second richest man on the planet. he hedges his bets by investing in several hundred companies and probably lives relatively stress free.
my mind is now drawn to remembering what govinda spoke to me: which extinguishes flames of pain in any situation.
dimension: social
i will post more at a later date about the publication of my novel such as when and where it will be available. until then thanks for dropping by. i will return...
this grave world labors way too long
the holy man replied
stamps: bright blossoms fabulous phrases
while we stand under the blessing there are still old habits and the effects of brokenness that affect us. we haven’t yet fully entered into the new life that god calls us into. but this is not because we aren’t % blessed right now. we need to become what we already are. and that’s a journey. our destination is guaranteed but we need to grow up into our new identities.
round : ch . * dc in nxt dc dc in next dc. repeat from * around. ( dc) join to top ch of ch .
(and it slowly faded across the deserts)
if you think anyone is sane you just don’t know enough about them. christopher moore
i have received this text from a friend this morning in an email and was struck by the boatload of wisdom it contained. it is with a great pleasure that i am sharing it with you.
fa: well he overtook me quite easy. when we fitted the dry tyres he was very very quick at that part of the race so we were forced to stay calm. we knew that our opportunity would be later in the race and when i overtook him again it was thanks to the drs and the kers and all these possibilities we have these days. then we attacked the red bulls as from now it will always be the same thing. every race we try to do like the final. championship hopes are very difficult because sebastian keeps finishing all the races first and second so the only thing we can do is try to win every race we go to and be very aggressive. every race every start every strategy will be at the maximum.
radically different
nonreplica editions maintain a consistent and homogenous character as the print newspaper but may have different editorial and advertising content and may be presented in a different format.
goldstein commented “it’s a little bit—it’s a lot embarrassing when people suggest that this massive fight is about me or my efforts.” he noted that it involves “literally hundreds or thousands of people”
what's that thing in the sky? the giant yellow thing? it's awfully bright even as i type i am wearing my shades to protect my poor eyes from the relentless glare. and i'm not sure if it's coincidence or not but since it's started showing up a week or so ago i've suddenly felt quite perky. it seems to be having a similar effect on the birds who are making a right royal racket. if i tune my ears into birdspeak it sounds like a thousand chirrups looking for sex.
their reality so different from ours.

and i believe if we have a big election with truly historic big choices that we can defeat barack obama by a huge margin. but it won’t be by running just as a republican. it will be an american campaign open to every american who prefers a paycheck to food stamps who prefers the declaration of independence to saul alinsky and who prefers a strong national security to trying to appease our enemies.
my story recommendation of the week is for "the man who bridged the mist" by kij johnson cover story of the octoberovember issue of asimov's science fiction (cover by paul youll).
following the restructuring of public debt and new loan agreement signed by the greek state and the troika (euecbimf.) new measures come from june .
project total sound stereo pr sd
the leaf people produced a few andrew luck cards using a picture of him at the u.s. army allamerican bowl a high school allstar game. luck’s people sent them a ceaseanddesist letter saying that they don’t have the legal right to profit from an image of luck. the leaf people say they do indeed have the right to use images from the allamerican bowl. now they’re suing luck.
pajiliai dobui says a team comprising members of the military government agencies and the civil service are distributing the rations.
booties: target
pencils
we usually do everything in one pan but this time he did the potatoes and i did the onions at the same time. later i commented how much more relaxed it seemed to be to make the tortilla together but then i realized that after cooking the onions i whisked the eggs and then left the kitchen where he and my daughter finished dinner. so i think maybe it was relaxing because he did most of the work
puree the beans mayo mustard and turmeric in a food processor (or with an immersion blender) until smooth. stir in the shallot and black salt to taste. pour into a piping or sandwich bag and refrigerate for at least minutes.
if only my two were better at cleanup...
th street design school. i can’t believe i only recently found kirsten. i can see why she has over faithful followers. kirsten is an interior designer with a sense of style that i really admire and relate to. she also features cool etsy finds and rooms to inspire.
before i go any further there is some super exciting news i have been dying to share with you. pumpkin spice is going to start selling the silhouette cameo eeeeee i have wanted one since before it was even launched
to spend my last dime trying to call you
when all the love in the world is right here among us
“guaranteed” national park at scotland – it doesn’t exist
i’d never heard anything like it. from there of course the next
at the macro level it’s a bit more complicated. i think there is a great amount of ‘path dependency’ whereby a scion gets a major head start. given the existence of dynasty prior to their arrival people like rahul gandhi or tarique rahman are default party leaders. they have to screw up badly for someone else to get a chance. perhaps more ‘activist’ leaders at the micro level would increase the chance of such leaders breaking through to the national scene.
oregon trail uses some of the most fertile soil there is: desperation. fear itself is too elevated an emotional state to keep up for very long but desperation is more subtle and more sustainable. an added benefit is that when we're desperate every emotional response is amplified stretch a rubber band to its limit and even a tiny scrape will snap it. this is the place where small problems (a snakebite) become heartbreaks small victories (fording a river) become triumphs a little humor (finding another player's tombstone) becomes an oasis in the desert and a little fear finally becomes horror.
far from being irrelevant laws of cause and effect are in operation.
no bull: the directors cut a newly edited comprehensive hd dvd of acc's famed july plaza de toros de las ventas concert in madrid spain was released on september th and reached the top of the music dvd sales charts in countries. the dvd debuts at # on the dvd sales charts in australia canada denmark ireland france germany new zealand sweden switzerland and the united states. it’s # in belgium and # in austria and the united kingdom.
now that we have determined that i again ask the question. from what do false religions arise? using our verse it is refusing to receive paul’s testimony concerning jesus christ. this is akin to what he wrote to the galatians in :.
have we given you any ideas on how to play havoc with the loved ones in your life this april fool’s day?
“of that gallant band male and female knew that the enemy forces around were implacable and were not only ready to fight but to kill. denied even water for the children they remained parched under the burning sun and scorching sands yet not one faltered for a moment. husain marched with his little company not to glory not to power of wealth but to a supreme sacrifice and every member bravely faced the greatest odds without flinching.”
you can see on the third peak how the layers blending more and more and you notice the streaks less and less. sometimes i'll come back with the blue and add another light layer after i added the second color just to get it a little smoother.
everybody wants to eat healthier better foods. but the trend in supermarkets is buying fruits and vegetables that have to be transported over great distances to reach them. this requires that crops be harvested very early—before they have reached their peak of ripeness. this drastically reduces the nutritional value. not only that but many fruits are sprayed with wax coatings or other preservatives to help them to retain their shelf life. these chemicals are harsh and further diminish the nutrient content.
 any
step : once the wax is cool use a paint brush to brush perfect pearls onto the waxed areas. after you have brushed them on use the brush to pounce them then whisk away any extra. set the perfect pearls by lightly misting with water. the perfect pearls should basically only stick to the waxed area.
“yes?”
three things i love doing: reading writing watching. i have a quite number movie and tv series collection. during the may holiday i’m able to watch the old movie “gone in seconds.” it starred nicholas cage supported by angelina jolie and some others.
and in a moment in a breath and a sigh... i lift to my father all those who work in that clinic across the street. i pray for the janitor for the receptionists. i pray for the doctors and nurses and "counsellors". i pray for their suppliers and those who make financial gain through this business. i pray for understanding for repentance and healing...
here’s emily’s. if you reversed the colour of the dungaree top combo and changed the boot colour you’d have a dead ringer for super mario. (even as it is i still think of it.)
self doubt stop it (some of the best advice ever thanks to pres. uchtdorf)
heard but unseen
it’s been an evolutionary year for social media. many new trends and facts have been published that may help you shape your marketing and pr plan. we have included a sampling of these facts and our recommendations on how you can use them when developing your plan.
so suddenly we have our first real “drama” in the selection process for the u.s. team for london – can rupp in his debut at the distance get into that top three and make the marathon team for the olympics because if he does salazar & rupp will have two thirds of a year to get him ready for the big show and that could be one of the stories to watch over the olympic season.
but there was always something more important going on. from the very beginning each episode focused intensely on a different character showing a flashback of what life was like for this person before they were brought to the island.
this week your baby weighs a little over pounds (heft a pineapple) and has passed the inch mark. he's rapidly losing that wrinkled alien look and his skeleton is hardening. the bones in his skull aren't fused together which allows them to move and slightly overlap thus making it easier for him to fit through the birth canal. (the pressure on the head during birth is so intense that many babies are born with a coneheadlike appearance.) these bones don't entirely fuse until early adulthood so they can grow as his brain and other tissue expands during infancy and childhood.
watching how cows pigs and chickens were treated just so we can eat meat made a huge impression on me ~ so much so that i am not sure i can eat meat again. i have lived my life disassociated from the fact that those lovely plump chicken breasts actually belonged to a living breathing chicken once upon a time a chicken that was given hormones to promote record breaking weight gain a chicken that was kept in a chicken house in the dark living in their own feces sometimes being pecked to death.
but if you want a theme for sepia saturday you can put on your own performance with any interpretation of theatre you care to choose. just post your post on or around saturday the th of january and add a link to the list below. all i need to say now is "tickets please".
i have purchased two sets of color club nail polish from winners and i have been extremely happy with the quality. it costs $. for polishes. (less than $ each) this was half of the back to boho collection and as i wear each colour i'll post on the ones i like best.
then there is another blind person seen in acts . this man is bar jesus who has a perfect name; son of god our saviour. this becomes the more apparent from exodus :. “and thou shalt say unto pharaoh thus saith the lord israel is my son even my firstborn.” so bar jesus becomes a picture of the nation israel. now we turn to acts : to identify this man. bar jesus was a sorcerer a false prophet and a jew.
jennifer's computer melted down last week and we are both having a crazy time of it...she with work and illness and i with moving. finally. but both of us are feeling overwhelmed and a little guilty about not commenting on entries. so this will be the last olw for at least a few weeks while we both try to catch up and catch our breath and regroup. please know that we really truly appreciate each and every entry
as it is the temptations are strong to start another army. dark eldar are cool and i really like the new necron annihilation barge. i’ve also developed a sudden hankering for marauder horsemen howling banshees and eternal guard. oh yes an army of caledor of course.
she passed down to me
i was reading an article recently on food cravings which was very interesting as i have often wondered why there are some foods we desire more than others and the reasons why.
have you priced those lil hummer's lately? i have...we went to the lumber yard...x's ft long (knots and dog legs included in price) $. a piece for my kitchen? it would cost me $. and change just to line my kitchen ceiling again...that is more than % of the cost that i paid for my house and that was utility grade lumber...not the nicer stuff
. amori di alfredo (:)
i immediately thought of the fuzzy pumper barber shop that my sister margie gave hunter one christmas. made by playdoh it came with bald headed plastic people that sat on barber chairs stuffed with playdoh. a quick turn of the crank produced strands of playdoh hair that could then be cut and styled.
my answers to aimee's questions:
keenan allen is a special player with a very bright future. this was the first time i have seen allen play and i came away more than impressed. allen is a gifted runner in the open field and it is easy to see he has the vision and overall ability to create yards after the catch. allen posesses a good frame at lbs and will look to develop more size and strength in subsequent seasons as he is only a sophomore. watching allen it is plain to see he has exciting ability to create plays in the open field. he is an extremely effective cutback runner who shows a unique ability to see cutback lanes and readollow his blocks nicely. i don’t believe allen posesses break away speed but that is not to say he can’t beat you deeptretch the field and use his big frame and body control to shield himself from the defender and the ball. from what i saw in last nights game allen also runs very crisp routes and is very sudden in and out of his breaks as he does a good job keeping the defender honest. it was also encouraging to see allen working hard out on the edge to block for his teammates and it was obvious to see he takes great pride in this part of his game. allen still has room to grow but the future for this kid is bright…he may already be the best wr in the pac. keenan will go onto become the best wr to come out of california since desean jackson (eagles) it will be fun to watch him and qb zach maynard develop chemistry over the next season or two.
he is now years old and is a singer songwriter and producer.
this year's performance takes places on sunday april —and it's what the kaufman center is calling a "world premiere." i understand that there are still good seats left. a book signing will follow the performance and every child who attends will receive a free "shlemiel crooks" book plate. although this will be the only performance at merkin hall this year the kaufman center has already decided to present the play again next year.
the sun shines … after the rain
favourite ad of all time?
“importantly we remain well funded with access to a $ million debt facility from vitol group and revenues from the sale of both coking and thermal coal are anticipated to increase as we ramp up production to mtpa runofmine coal” said chairman justin lewis who added that the recent share price did not reflect the firm’s true value.
mash band all stars (pingpong jr mash yup)
episode ratings
today we hear a lot about being like jesus or being “christlike”. there’s even a song written by rich mullins called “it’s hard to be like jesus”. preachers and consequently believers talk about christlikeness. as individual believers we are told that this is our goal; to be like christ.
however on night of the event the store actually sells only copies of the book (which is actually a higher than average number for an event) which brings in $. ( x $. the cover price of the book). the author signs another for stock and the bookstore returns the rest. we're assuming that the he just signed for stock will sell by the way. they usually do. so that another $.; gross earnings for the night $.. now let's adjust the expenditures to account for the books returned: books x $. $. + $ for promotion and $ for the employees. total actual cost of this event $..
there is detailed historical fact woven to provide a rich tapestry behind the major plot and several subplots. the author goes into splendid descriptions of the countryside enroute to portsmouth the conditions of the soldiers preparing for battle with the french the warships great harry and mary rose engaged in battle the relationship shardlake has with queen catherine parr including the politics of .
dillon gee's start monday night concluded the rotation's second go around. and for met fans so far so great. every start has been damn near stellar. and finally cracking the seventh inning as a rotation will help the bullpen out substantially; as opposed to them having to account for three to four innings per game.
the intellectual dishonesty here would make alan dershowitz blush. while it is accurate to say that certain christians and muslims (i.e. those who hold israeli citizenship) are allowed to build homes in west jerusalem it is obvious that the people most likely to want to build in a city are those born there. in the case of jerusalem the arab residents of east jerusalem who were born in the city and are children and grandchildren of people also born there are not allowed to build homes in west jerusalem. by contrast jews who are not israeli citizens and who have never set foot in the city are granted permits to build houses. racial privilege trumps longtime legal and lawful residence in jerusalem.
i'm planning on playing with the kids. a lot. and maybe seeing if i can teach the imp to read.
kelly green & baby pink... i kind of wanted to keep this table ;)
 “but when a righteous man turns away from his righteousness and commits iniquity and does according to all the abominations that the wicked man does shall he live? all the righteousness which he has done shall not be remembered; because of the unfaithfulness of which he is guilty and the sin which he has committed because of them he shall die.
we are definitely on the mend. fevers are gone and all that remains are hacking coughs. yay for the healing process
leave them in the water for about minutes then take out and gently press between your hands to drain out some of the water. place in a serving dish.
filled with fury love and miracles (and a clown or two) this play affirms shakespeare’s skill as a master storyteller.
tilda: my company card yes.
pick up the dry cleaning drop off prescriptions gas up the car take in the glass recycling and hit up the starbucks drivethrough.
you must commit to the schedule of regular exercise and drinking shakeology daily
i am happy to announce that free ad swaps are available on anything imaginable
maintenance is very critical especially with the fact that it prepares aircrafts for flights by keeping them safe in working order also ensuring passenger comfort maximum utilization and maintaining good form on the aircrafts. some larger airlines not only provide this maintenance repair and overhaul (mro) service internally but also sell this service to other airlines. this is also a source of profit if a company can invest enough time and capital to excel at mro services.
ah. taxi.
i love corn dogs…. ooohhh man do i love corn dogs. i can barely stand walking by a hot dog on a stick stand without feeling a little piece of me die knowing i shouldn’t be eating corn dogs on weight watchers. but you know what made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside today? rebecca brought me a reheated mini corn dog from her dinner last night at cheesecake factory. even reheated it was delicious. without even thinking twice about it i started looking up how to make a corn dog but figured i better make them mini for “points value purposes.” i totally rocked my own socks off with this recipe.
waterloo
mallory fidgeted with her hair separating the blonde streaks from the auburn while smiling at the waitress who approached the table. he eyed the waitress’ right arm sleeve of tattoos
here we come to the iranian human and universal rights record and the iranian opposition and minorities rights and guarantees.
with the most pitiful words i have to describe because they don't do justice i know what it is like to know the compassionate one when it comes to the depths of my need. the times when the lord saw straight to my heart straight to my need and within the problem opened up my eyes to the reality that he indeed has been...will be...and was always the answer.
our refugee system is for real refugees not bogus ones like yourselves. we know you're actually economic migrants posing as refugees to gain quick and easy entry into shoppingmallcanada so you can greedily pursue your materialist fantasies post haste. it's a loftier ambition to stay in post civilwar sri lanka and contribute to the future prosperity and stability of the nation by helping to heal the wounds made by ethnic rivalries. this will greatly benefit the lives of future generations of sri lankans. but who cares about them? f**k 'em as they say. you only care about yourself. you want stuff and you want it now which is why you decided to make a refugee claim in canada even though you really aren't one.
phuket and pattaya are the only program offering fullservice coordination and the north alabama vacation spots and meat dish pastitsadaare that are suggested to you to visit other european destinations. its quite cheap to get hold of a rental agency who will help you and your children to try. there's a sports court which hosts a high number of family or friends with separate ensuite bedrooms. there are often special rates for military personnel. so remember to do and responsibilities to uphold elsewhere. it is located seventy three kilometres away from work as possible is nice. however you also have to limit your vacation property exchanging a stay in thailand.
reviewers have described jones’ darkening tone within her lyrics. however it would be a mistake to view her gravity as onedimensional. jones’ previous solo album the fall () addressed heavy themes in humorous ways comparing the follies of passion to “chasing pirates.” in the track “man of the hour” jones concludes that the ideal man is in fact a dog. similarly in much of little broken hearts she imbues humor into sadistic lyrics by delivering them playfully.
fairie festival is more like performing ... and serious performing at that. there's a deep spirit there that must be taken seriously.
january 
the acquisition arrives at a critical time for sony as the company has weathered disappointing sales and a leadership overhaul. the japanese company is struggling to stay afloat in a competitive market and the deal confers vital advantages like crosslicensing and integration opportunities.
today i went specifically for a sofa table that i’ve had my eye on for some time now. it’s actually a table used for working reading and eating in bed which means it’s slightly longer and taller than the average sofa table – and it’s on casters which in a small space is ideal for versatility.
dear dr. laura
intending to land on them.
from what i can remember from our discussions and personal research our culture is predominantly patriarchal yet matriarchal by nature.
dear pnwers
at the end of my last riveting post we had just returned from nc. let's take it from the top since then....
eliza finds out of course and the two are finally united in the end of one the nicest most complex love stories you will ever see.
now i'm supposed to pass this award on to someone else. and it is with pleasure that i hereby pass it on to that jewelrycrafting sassyhooping smartdressing blogger erin over at work with what you've got. you rock
author: marta acosta
now when i was a kid i was quite sure that scaly crocodilian monsters lurked under the bed and in the dark waiting to seize the unwary child in their yellow foetid unbrushed teeth. so if you needed to get out of bed in the night you had to (quietly) roll back the sheets gather up your knees and leap as fast and as far as possible landing with a slap to the lightswitch by the door because as we all know monsters are seared by light and must snap instantly back into the shadows.
are my memories due to the photo album
so why the endless efforts to have subscribers (be it rss feed google reader twitter facebook wordpress etc.). well for all those people selling something increased visitors equals increased subscribers and subscribers equal increased sales. also subscribers agree to receive your marketing materials and are therefor more likely to buy. making subscribers gold.
this is where daisy fothergill a yearold stripper who is one of stick's "girlfriends" comes into the picture. stick offers her money to provide nard with an alibi for the day in question and she willingly accepts even though she's not a very good liar. she thinks "i'll just tell this to the investigator and that will be that." she does it simply because her mother needs the money and she can not make enough being just a stripper.
i leave for syd on tuesday and before them i have an impossible number of things to do.
~no mahou shoujo this is has been and will stay a rule for the brigade. this is due to the amount of brain damage the chief can sustain from watching a scene of transformation… times in a season.
fat boys wipe out us
factor b black brown
once past labor day people get serious about doing business hoping to gin up profits before the end of the year. there are of course always books ready to offer all manner of advice.
some of the artists include….
let's check out some from last week's party shall we??
what exactly does that imply? salvation is no longer of the jews. we are not under the law of moses but under grace. jesus christ died for the sins of all the world regardless of nationality or religion. it implies that israel failed to be a kingdom of priests and rather than being a channel of blessing have joined the gentiles in unbelief.
you don't get this kind of action getting thrown out of a bar.
let me say from the outset that i don't like this movie because it is a "drug movie". i am not particularly drawn to drug movies (although i do like a few but it's for their aesthetic quality not because of the subject matter) but this movie is much more interesting than just a drug trip movie because it actually follows the characters throughout their experiences rather than just their experiences on drugs. a great scene in the movie is where the crew takes the train out to the hills and instead of being happy with being out of the city they are all pissed off because there's nothing to do there. what this movie lacks in real character development it makes up for in wit.
i walk with you for a minute for a moment for a lifetime and never tire of your company.
i’ll report back.
of change
your admired bold of all time:
whenever i make an entire thai feast i always like to start with these thai fishcakes served with a cucumber dipping sauce that is refreshing and spicy at the same time they are super easy to make (providing you have a food processor) and always seem to be a hit no matter who i serve them to. i love the contrasting crunch of the green beans with the soft fishcakes so i add a little more beans than you would normally expect but if you like you can reduce the amount of beans a little.
“ron”: (taking his android the size of a small book out of his pocket and making a finger gestures like a voodoo priest over the phone). i can highlight the letters that i want to type and it will automatically enter the word…see?
 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
having a homebirth is an amazing experience. it was so wonderful to be able to get into my own bed with my baby. everything went perfectly. the midwives were great. it was a real luxury to have two midwives undivided attention throughout my labour in a hospital they would be coming in and out. i understand its different for everyone but if you are young and healthy and low risk i think having your baby at home is a good option.
little muslims ( years and older) who are fascinated with all things mechanical may find this book a pleasure to read over and over again. even those who are not yet reading may enjoy this book. the numerous tabs once lifted or pulled reveal the inner workings of a tractor and the factory where it is built. the pop up features of the book may entice children under three years old to take a peek and with mother or father assisting they too can enjoy the delightful mechanical world within the pages of tractor factory. and children may find the last page irresistible.
hardly any cards by this late date
yes it is a liberal leftleaning organization that probably disagrees with % of daniels' conservative policies. yes it has been a staunch critic of many of the state of israel's policies. it is political in nature not theological. it does not promote jihad it does not call for the eradication of israel. it does call for a twostate solution one that israel is willing to accept but the palestinians have not yet signed onto due the growing influence of radical jihadist organizations like hamas.
i'm trying to prepare myself for the week ahead and organize myself in a way that will help me to be more creatively productive. i have learned that i am my "best self" when i am creating in some way. when i ignore that part of myself i become depressed and despairing. it can be very difficult to lift myself out of it again.
credits. online electrical course learning benefits are numerous: accessible from anywhere you
after a few jamesons i told roommate “i think vinnie’s the cutest.” he said “make it happen” and thus the challenge was born and i started the mathematics.
the falcons didn’t have a first round pick but i think they should’ve addressed safety much earlier than they did and i would’ve been more concerned with reloading the defensive line than the offensive line. with all that said the players they took were all solid prospects.
i am having one of those days where i want to eat something but don’t fancy anything. on days like these i end up massproducing food in hope that i’d want to eat some by the time i’m done.
another equally likely route to sharing “back office functions” – which could be just as damaging to the building of political alliances against coalition cuts is merger of public service agencies within a locality (a la total place) of which today’s news from blackburn of the merger of senior management of health and local government is a recent example.
fleerekkers fandango
way to go vipers
the goal: chance says that at martin city brewing company they have one overall goal: be amazing. of course in addition to that they have lots of other plans that go beyond simply brewing beer. "we hope to facilitate a range of collaborative projectsfrom tasting contests that lead to full scale production to teaming up with local home brewers for small scale batch barrel aging. you could say one of our goals is to engage the kansas city community in having as much fun with beer as we do"
i’ve been here a year now and i’d have to think on what my biggest confession would be. i think the fact i don’t like my job would be it. i am good at it and i am loyal to a damn fault to where i now begin my mornings with a stomach ache from the stress of dealing with the oncoming day. it’s stressful. and the boss of me is now saying after the conversion i am to run the desk with person. wtf? are you kidding me? i’m just now getting to a point where i am attempting to have a life outside the hotel and now you are going to take that away from me? hell no.
i made this for my sister who is undergoing chemo right now. she hasn't lost all her hair by any means. i think it's serving more as a lose hair catcher and just to lift up her spirits. i was so excited to give it to her that i forgot to take pictures so i recently had my niece bring it over to model it for me. unfortunately it was so cold that she had a hard time posing without looking like she was freezing to death. you can even see individual little snowflakes in her hair.
new god and tunnel of love later appeared on the debut lp come on down.
the resultant federation of individually sovereign states worked splendidly for nearly years as unfettered and productive sovereign citizens were empowered to flourish in a relatively safe freetrade zone with sound money. admittedly the basic nature of our government began unraveling with the civil war and was effectively eviscerated by the progressive atrocities committed in our darkest year (amendments & and the federal reserve act). still thoughtful students of our true history cannot be faulted for pining for a return of the halcyon days of our nation’s youth when individual opportunity trumped collective victimhood for industrious citizens. only the numbed minds of the easily deluded could consider the pernicious slide back into serfdom offered by the collectivists as anything even approaching “progress.”
then there's what i look for when i buy clothestheir function if you will. i like my clothes comfortable. i want to be able to go for a hike clean the kitchen do a few yoga moves and then sit on the floor and play with my dog. athletic gear i'm sure you can imagine is a staple part of my wardrobe. i could wear sparkly sequined yoga pants but i don't. for me the perfect blend of simple (taste) and comfortable (function) is a pair of black yoga pants.
distaste for the service that steinberg promoted was widespread. writing on her blog the fertility advocate pamela madsen founder of the american fertility association said: “some things do need to have some sacred space around it. and the creation of life and the end of life is one of those things that deserves sacred space.”
and i have confirmed yet another thing about myself... i don't live with chaos easily. my old pattern is to get stuck in to resolve it. i can't do that any more. i am learning to live with the tension but not doing it easily either.
obama's comment in the debate "you're likeable enough hillary" just irritated me further. cripes like you need to be outraging the pissy women right now barack maybe he's not experienced enough to be president.
blossoms may be left on the stems and hung in small bunches upsidedown in a very warm room. dried flowers should be stored separately and dry stems cut into small segments before storage in an airtight dark glass container clearly labeled to indicate the contents and the date and place of harvest.
secrets:
understanding what does the audience know about your subject? what is their attitude?
the roman goddess diana was the “twin” of apollo.
and the very last call of all
the boulders beach penguin colony was formed in about and is now home to some (or more) african penguins. the penguins were formally known as jackass penguins because they bray loudly just like donkeys. this time of year is the moulting season and the penguins having gone on a massive feeding frenzy in the preceding months come ashore to moult. during this time they're particularly vulnerable. they can't go into the sea to feed and have to conserve energy. so what you see is a lot of penguins lolling about looking decidedly scrappy and scruffy and lethargic
. . . the ordinances of the lord are sure
nick and i have just finished reading john steinbeck’s of mice and men. he usually has about three novels going at once – one for fun one for his history class in our homeschool coop and one of my recommendations such as this steinbeck classic.
best supporting actor: christopher plummer beginners
wisely i made this sign to prevent further costly conversations with fixit man.
in my opinion the only restaurant worth getting excited about in los angeles at the moment (i can already taste the blowback from that comment) is red medicine. this buzzy industrial spot just on wilshire is the brainchild of jordan kahn who started off at the tender age of at the french laundry the youngest chef ever to work there and made his way as a pastry chef through per se alinea and noma. at red medecine he cooks up a "homage" to his love of asian cuisine (especially vietnamese) and although the plates sometimes groan under the weight of the herbs and flowers piled on the cooking is fresh bright and unusual.
and pretty pandora
so where does that leave me now?
means: "it didn't fall into my outstretched hands so i'm completely clueless."
but what did it become?
 sharing some american goodies with my friends
there was the incident involving a la rouxinspired coif half a can of ellnet and a wobbly candle in an unnamed bar. an incandescent thump to the head later and hey presto...the entertainment arrived i would have quite happily wrapped that fire blanket into a turban and kept the party going had the smell of singed barnet not forced me to retire early.
a pocket full of spears...
one thing to remember that is quite amazing is that all of this processing is done in just fractions of a second. many dslr cameras can shoot or beyond frames per second all without missing a beat. dslrs keep getting faster and smarter with each new model but that doesn’t mean every time a new model comes out your camera is obsolete.
most of africa's problems cannot be solved through foreign aid. the reason for africa's problems is the people's skill or rather a lack thereof. that is why colonialism was such a huge success. all africa needed were a few million skilled whites and then suddenly everything started working and the minute they left it fell apart again. if the world wants to help africa then rather send in doctors or teachers.
everybody's scared to death
but if you think kilmer is onedimensional and dull wait until you see our main character detective black played by dylan neal. he was the father of the girl in the opening whose wife divorced him after he lost their child. i guess we’re supposed to sympathize or something but honestly it’s not played up too much and why would you want to anyway? the guy’s a complete tool. he’s never nice to anyone constantly shouts and puts people down and on top of that he’s the kind of parent who leaves his kids unsupervised in the middle of the woods. screw sympathy. this guy is the worst
cut off the base of the stem and rinse the cabbages to remove all the dirt. cut them into " slices.
 small can of hummus beans drained and rinsed
source: the herald online
and there were some other points i was going to make on the video and peoples’ comments but i have now forgotten what they were. sorry i’m a really bad scatterbrain it was hard enough to write the above without going off on too much of a tangent.
lessons learned: stances it was too easy as i got tired to get into zenkutsu dachi or shiko instead of the smaller (and more efficient in my mind) kendoaido stances. karate stances do not mix well with sword techniques.
reverend doctor curtis page
. jumping to conclusions: making negative assumptions about another person's motivation or intent without sufficient evidence.
. garnish with fennel fronds and top with toasted walnuts. season to taste with additional salt and pepper if necessary.
your virginity is yours to keep and a gift to give don't feel like you owe it to anyone to give it up for dinner and a movie. and you don't have to fuck someone to prove you love them.
if you do not have a pasta roller then you might want to invest in one. my client wanted to make it too since she has never tried some of the things i do. she is an expert indian roti maker she can roll it out paper thin if needed. so we both began rolling out the pasta.
i never really thought much about vaccinations. i got them growing up my kids at school got them (at least i assume most of them did anyway... in texas parents have the option whether or not to vaccinate their kids) my friends' kids all got them... i naturally just assumed we would vaccinate logan no big deal. besides i always thought the only type of people who didn't vaccinate their kids were the ultra crunchy vegan diet eating teva sandal wearing kind. not judging just saying.
) obama formed the simpson bowles commission and then when racists rejected their proposals blamed obama for not accepting their proposals. congress should have passed simpson bowles and then we would have found out whether or not the president supported their recommendations.
lagunitas brewing co.
 candy o
. the guy who just got dumped: dear god he may be the worst. he just got dumped by his girlfriend or fiance and he’s looking to drown himself in jagermeister and find sympathy. he will say things like “hey if you were single you would date me right?” or “hey pretty lady would you say that i’m decent looking i have a friendly face right?” you can hear him muttering in the corner about how he “thought she was the one.” his drink of choice is jagermeister shots only he’s ready to end the night in the bottom of the bottle. stay away from him unless you are a counselor.
lung and tail risotto.
developing the generosity to share what we have
marty: "doc about the future"
once physical contact occurred did martin exert a level of physical force causing injury or threat of injury to a degree a reasonable person under the same circumstances as zimmerman would conclude deadly force was justified?
for this deal
in i met daniel my now partner and soon to be husband. together we have raised our kids nurtured our careers and created a very gentle and loving life together.
try telling that to some of the people in the village though. you'd think people deliberately sped up once they passed the welcome signs.
the reason why this is happening will become quite apparent once you discover that it is the international judaic and nobody else who is behind the multibillion dollar pornography business. according to this source the pornography industry has larger revenues than microsoft google amazon ebay yahoo apple and netflix combined. consider also the fact that the holy jewish talmud looks on a gentile woman as a piece of raw meat to be used and abused at will. i realize this sounds like a cluster of seemingly unrelated comments but believe me when i say they are all related.
cross the pond and claim me
thanks so much for dropping by today wishing you a wonderful sunday.
made myself a tuna mayo sandwich with whole wheat bread for lunch around mins after we finished the exercising routine.
you see i'm working on (and clearly thought i would have completed by now) a jaunty little post about the great trend i saw with 'colour' at high point market this last week. my little digital camera is practically fulltobursting with brightly printed textiles . . . and rooms saturated with bright hues.
and when it is not being used at all it folds down flat.
i don’t suppose for one minute and by that i don’t mean a new york minute whatever that is it sounds like a steak or something no wait i think i.
 went out to buy some groceries. it took us so long and while loading our groceries inside the vehicle i accidentally broke two bottles of vinegar and soy sauce. though i was in a rough mood honey said "it's okay. i observed it happens when you keep yourself hungry. let's get back to home and have something." it was so sweet of him to think of me during that really frustrating experience.
“i don’t understand … i’m shocked” luisa seau cried out.
how can you share? i've had a number of inquiries on how to share if you are new to blogging or if you don't have a blog. if you already have a blog you can post on your blog and then link your project through the linky system below. if you do not have a blog you can still play along. you will need a digital camera. you can share by uploading directly from your computer or you can use some sort of public photo sharing site. i suggest splitcoaststampers. you must be a member but there is no fee for basic membership. uploads for the basic accounts are moderated and sometimes it takes awhile for your card to appear. for a small annual fee you can upgrade and your posts there are live immediately.
author: pittacus lore
so many too many people are plagued by bad habits and during the commute home i learnt something new that i can selftalk my way out of things. and if the battle is in the mind talking positive will be harder than it sounds. but i will do it anyways
 cup fatfree sour cream
i gently touch the car to ensure that she’s ready for insertion.
about people are gathered around the training offices of local union the union representing metallic lathers and reinforcing ironworkers to hand in their applications on monday.
bright reality not soft hues of nostalgia.
i started writing in the fourth grade. it was terrible. i tried so hard to write a goosebumps type book but i made the mistake of abbreviating the title "scared to death" to std which i'm sure worried my fourth grade teacher just a little. i should publish that book one day just so people can get a good laugh at all the horrible ways i accidentally used those three letters. oops i continued writing all through elementary school junior high and high school and finally finished a ya fantasy book in college. it's poorly written so i'll have to go back and fix it but literally right after i finished that one i wrote "the breakup artist". so i just haven't really stopped writing since the fourth grade.
we've done the drill all winter long. now we're all geared up for some good clean rebellion.
we have six baby chicks. we inherited them at one week of age. we were told to keep them under a heat lamp for six weeks feed medicated chick crumbles to times a day clean their box daily and give them fresh water often. we were told that chicks die easily if not nurtured properly. the most critical thing stressed is keeping them warm because their feathers have not grown in yet. the cold will kill their fragile bodies. after six weeks pass by and all their feathers have come in we can transfer the chicks to an outside cage with chicken wire we were told that they should not be roaming free until they were a little older. the chickens need to be safe from raccoons or cats and the enemy. i had no idea what i was getting myself into....this has been a challenge to say the least managing these sweet little chicks is a lot of work and dedication they are cute but also messy and smelly
chernobyl & fukushima by jan smith. erdmann contemporary gallery cape town th march
parts of the roll were very brittle
here is my take on the savory pancakes. not very spanish i am afraid but somewhat a mix of sicilian with a hint of smokiness. for the very very original from toscana taverna (meaning tuscan tavern) in madrid please follow the above link :)
more and more real estate professionals are taking video of the interior and exterior of properties. while you still need to do your best to make the video complimentary people tend to be more forgiving of this medium and you can show many aspects of a single room or view with video in a way that you cannot with still photos.
“give and live and create” are the opposite of “steal and kill and destroy” and so that is what i would like for this blog to be about.
a year ago i decided to finally dive in and spend some $$ on some organic cloth menstrual pads. it was during a time that i was trying to create a sort of “red tent” for myself. i wanted to stop using tampons so i could be more aware of my body and also i felt it would improve my vaginal health. i have found both these things to be true since being off tampons for a year.
:: lego and construction. oh yes. we. have. le. go. and the machines they invent oh my. watching their imaginations soar is one of the few privileges of being a mother one of the amazing things about being together as a family. in so many ways our children teach us so much.
first csi case file :
ewoudt told us that two days before whilst out walking with another group they’d come across a lion and two cubs. they paused to watch marveling at the sight – and totally unaware that the rest of the pride had gathered and were circling around them locking the group in. as hubert the other ranger said “it was an exciting moment”
rolling on her side she closes her eyes and falls asleep.
ka foreigner coming vietnam to supply consulting service on professional knowledge and technique or implement other tasks serving to research build appraise monitor and evaluate manage and process programs projects that use official development assistance (oda) in accordance with regulations or agreements in international treaty on oda signed between authorized vietnam agency and foreign agency;
food she is eating everything. we finally broke down and did a proper allergy test (blood test) and discovered she is allergic to nothing. she still might be lactose and gluten intolerant but its unlikely that she will carry those for much longer. with this news we opened the door to new foods and she is loving it. every morning we both have eggs and toast. she would eat eggs every meal if i let her. and for dinner she is able to nibble at some of what we eat. its so fun to explore new foods with her....
toure said that governments must “regard the internet as basic infrastructure – just like roads waste and water.”
i can not fall into the trap of looking at my circumstances or trying to figure things out on my own. i can not make my own strength my god.
. if you do not file by the deadline you might face a failuretofile penalty if you do not pay by the due date you could face a failuretopay penalty.
and just to get your inspiration flowing we have the very talented karen squires of stampin by the bay joining us this week as our guest designer. be sure to stop by and say "hi" and of course our fabulous design team have some great samples which will surely get your creative juices flowing
no thank you darren
there are many practitioners that will encapsulate your placenta for you. this basically involves mulching it up drying it out and turning it into a powder form that’s put into tablet capsules for you to take. the benefits are said to be that it can balance your hormones in the weeks and months after birth increase your milk supply and quality and increase energy. its been reported to decrease the risks of developing post natal depression also. in fact it’s not a new idea its been a traditional chinese medicine practise for centuries. this needs to be done within hours after birth.
packaging: a label more a home on a water bottle – which given the lack of taste might be apt
we also needed one empty child's milk carton per child so i just asked the cafeteria ladies to save me some. that was fairly easy i had a volunteer wash them and leave them to dry overnight. then my aide and a volunteer helped to cut the tops off of the cartons. we then measured and cut the paper to fit the cartons and just taped it on. i really didn't think that glue was going to stick to the wax covered carton so we just decided to go with tape. once each child's carton was covered with construction paper then the bodies of the cars were ready to paint. i bought some bamboo skewers and cut them in half and also cut the pointed end off of them for safety's sake. this formed the axle of the wheel.
as i sit here at my desk on the computer i hear and watch the rain quietly falling against my window. the photo of my office space off from the kitchen up above looking out was taken when it was snowing.
in the battle of febfast v feboozary my blog party tipple falls in the feboozary camp.
...but the regular appearance of big donors inside the white house underscores how political contributions continue to lubricate many of the interactions between officials and their guests if for no other reason than that donors view the money as useful for getting a foot in the door....
the photos are special moments frozen in time; the pint glasses and mugs come from up and down the northeast across the country and even around the world: the craft brewers conference in boston; the savor beer and food event in washington d.c.; a visit to prague czech republic; even a pabst glass from a business trip to china just to name a few.
taken: 
although the day started out on a note of calm routine the climate in bamako has been tense since late morning for reasons that remain unclear. as with previous days of unrest our first warning sign came from our son’s daycare staff: around : this morning they phoned to tell us they’d be closing early due to “troubles in town.” (at least we got him out of the house for hours today.)
second: as we are all aware there are many companies that have a high turn over of staff regularly. this should be an automatic warning sign to beware when asking for a reference from them i have also worked for companies where the office staff would never give a good reference for anyone. yes this was an “attitude office” that needed better management but there was a revolving door for the higher management also…so the office morale and the company numbers suffered for it both ethically and financially. yet the company let it happen? in a larger company it is always someone elses job (the issue will just keep getting passed to others lower in the company later) to find out what is happening and why…so someone who may have nothing to do with a problem will turn into the “fall guy” for the problemsssues and when the problemsssues persist it may go to yet another innocent victim until someone finally takes initiative and gets down to the source of the problemsssues.
this brought to mind a recent discussion on another blog (possibly dick puddlecote) about the “ unit week” and to what extent that was normal or even achievable. while it’s not something i’d recommend doing every week it’s a level i suspect many people attain when on holiday or over the christmas period without feeling at all that they are drinking heavily. the key is to do it regularly and steadily and to drink at lunchtime as well as in the evening to spread it out more.
in these moments you wear peacefulness as if it was a piece of fine jewelry.
shortly after hanging up from that call another broker called that i was also working with to see whether his client had contacted me. i told him no the amount was far less than what i wanted but i’d entertain it all the same. this whole frustrating process of trying to get my boat sold taught me much about the boat sales industry what people said and did were complete opposites the importance of having proper paperwork and contracts and to keep meticulous notes on everything. still to this day – if i see any trouble in any of my dealings i tend to keep track of it all as you never know when you’ll have to go back later and memory tends to forget many things.
 i met my boyfriend's family. 
i suppose the best place to start would be a short synopsis of the first film suicide club which was filmed first but is sort of a sequel and prequel to noriko’s dinner table. written and directed by sion sono as a commentary to the growing number of suicides in japan the film is centered around mass suicides that begin occurring all over japan. with the most publicized tragedy occurring at shinjuku station where high school girls happily throw themselves in front of a moving train simultaneously. these tragedies sparks confusion and mass hysteria prompting the police to get involved to discover their motives. i will say that the deep and heavy subject matter borders on a slasher film with it’s gory scenes showing in detail the people committing suicide. the basic plot on a deeper level deals mainly with the generation gap and a growing number of teenagers and families feeling alienated and disenchanted.
these freeze well. cover each pan of rolls with foil then put in a gallon sized resealable bag.
canada only.
sometimes we think so much about what we don’t want to lose that we forget what we really have. we take people we know friends and family for granted. we think (without really thinking about it) that they will be there for us forever. now i’m not just thinking about the fact that no one lives forever but that people they come and go in our lives. at some point we might stop and realize that everyone are gone. but where?
for her christmas stocking.
we really enjoy reading your posts each week featured post bloggers please grab the badge above and display it on your site link it to one of the host blogs' posts for the specific week that you were featured.
published: april 
these girls sit around a house with no tv no radio no internet & no job to occupy their brain. so there they sit….thinking analyzing scheming about this guy & daydreaming about where their wedding will be & if colin cowie will plan it. telling themselves times a day i love him i love him i love him i think i may love him? there you have it. and most importantly they don’t have their sister or their best friend there to say…..”you do not love him. you don’t even know him….what does he order on his pizza? seeeeeeee…you don’t love him”
bhūmir āpo ’nalo vāyuḥ
arose took first concern (always) has left me drained of all creativity and time.
all this political nonsense has my brain reeling too. i don't know whether to pay attention get angry organize protest and rage rage rage or turn it all off and just try to live my life and vote how i should when i can. when i was in college i was the former. i was angry all the time and the tiniest injustices would cause me to go into a tailspin. i felt like a madwoman sometimes but i was single and had madwomen friends so it felt like it was what i was supposed to do. when i met my husband i slowly but surely settled down. different things became important. i found myself feeling actually contented with my life and i stopped paying attention to all the little irritants in the world and just lived my life.
how can they give vote totals to reporters but not the state elections dept?
j.g.chambers with queensberry branding
i danced laughed and joked.
“if wp only thinks of its own party interests in previous ge as well as next ge nsp should also think of its own interests as well. testing out the possible outcome of corner fight by using hougang byelection as testing platform is the only way for it to make proper assessment.”
i want peter and sarah to hear this from me and not their friends the internet or the disney channel so i guess at some point i'm going to have to have "the talk" with them.
...sorry couldnt resist...
leads back to you the light as it came upon us
there is no one ‘model person’ standard that we all compare ourselves to to determine whether we are worth more or less than others. our world is made up of billions of individuals that are all different even if they look similar or act in a similar way. even though we can be similar we are not the same. and if we are all not the same we are valuable for our uniqueness.
dumas wished he could change anything.
think of the fun you can have with this surely this is why they didn’t make kinect voice controls speakerspecific right? microsoft wanted to encourage people to mess with each other. that’s my theory at least.
freedom house which dates back to the early is has had interlocks with aim the world anticommunist league resistance international and u.s. government bodies such as radio free europe and the cia and has long served as a virtual propaganda arm of the government and international right wing. it sent election monitors to the rhodesian elections staged by ian smith in i and found them “fair” whereas the i elections won by mugabe under british supervision it found dubious. its election monitors also found the salvadoran elections of i admirable. it has expended substantial resources in criticizing the media for insufficient sympathy with u.s. foreignpolicy ventures and excessively harsh criticism of u.s. client states. its most notable publication of this genre was peter braestrup’s big story which contended that the media’s negative portrayal of the tet offensive helped lose the war. the work is a travesty of scholarship but more interesting is its premise: that the mass media not only should support any national venture abroad but should do so with enthusiasm such enterprises being by definition noble. in i when the reagan administration was having trouble containing media reporting of the systematic killing of civilians by the salvadoran army freedom house came through with a denunciation of the “imbalance” in media reporting from el salvador.
there was no need i didn’t like what happened to the old characters… and i just didn’t understand why she just changed the characters completely… i was really happy with alex tom and ellie although some of them were annoying at parts they just worked together… and ilsa bick just didn’t had to change it… because in my opinion they just didn’t work together and it was too forced…
i loved it i don’t think i needed anything else..
and yet she has ramped up her feeding in the last few days to the point where i think breastmilk has surpassed the importance of even blueberries for the mouse...and each time she winds her fist around my tshirt or bra strap and holds on tightly. her eyelids droop involuntarily she breathes in the scent of my skin with deep snorty breaths and it's as though i once again have a little baby in my arms rather than a great big birthday girl.
the sailor softball team played the midview middies yesterday in west shore conference action. after an awesome weekend of competition and defeating a powerful garfield heights team at the prebis invitational the sailors were primed and ready for a rematch against the league leading middies. midview broke a tie in the bottom of the th with two runs off the sailor defense and pitcher jessica tucker. in the top of the th speedsters katelynn urgo and aubree laforce started things off putting pressure on the middie defense with their short game technique. a perfectly laid push bunt by laforce caused a wild throw to first which scored urgo who earlier had slapped her way on for a single. catcher leigh stainbrook blasted a double to the fence to score urgo. the sailors hung tough until the bottom of the th when the middie’s th batter in the order drilled a bases loaded two out triple down the left field line that narrowly passed by sidney virgin’s outstretched glove. midview’s pitcher kimmie stone shut the sailors down in the th to seal the win. the sailors record stands at and in the west shore conference.
the only hope we have as a nation if we want to avoid greece's fate is voting the lefties and the rinos out of office and replacing them with politicians willing to support the fair tax. you knew i'd have to throw that in at some point didn't you?
there's no stopping her fussing and bustling down the hallway into his dorm. there's no stopping her sliding a finger along the bookshelf above the only remaining bed in the four bed room and inspecting the residual dust on her forefinger. there's no stopping her introducing herself to his dorm mates long before he even knows their names or what they're studying. she persists. hugs him. begs him to be careful to study hard and to call every day before bustling outward into the corridor and dissolving all too publicly into a well of sobs. her first born now in college hours away from home.
as i said the actors onscreen here have been in things far lessembarrassing than matilda. sure metrano was in two police academy flicks as well as going ape and that andy sidaris gunsandbreasts epic malibu express but i'll bet you he brought those up before he'd bring matilda up in conversation.
mass market paperback: pages
i have been saving up for ages so i could have a sparkly new one (even passing up goodies at the nec in preference) but the one we got on good friday was giving us problems so we took it back last night and they exchanged it .. .. and guess what? yep .. .. the new one has exactly the same problem.
a: two. one to change it and another to secretly videotape what’s happening.
) hollow chocolate bunnies of the apocalypse by robert rankin
when i was but a newly hatched larval engineer at a major defense electronics contractor a mentor systems engineer gave me a reprint of an article from defense electronics magazine for august by norman augustine the ceo of martin marietta (now part of lockheed most of us call them lockmart these days your onestop defense supermarket watch for the flashing blue light special on cruise missiles…). the article covered what's now called augustine's laws. i see they are out in book form: and some of them have been excerpted by political calculations blog but the version i have has a mere laws.
q: how do i get stirred?
of a taser to compel the prisoner to surrender a dna sample was “excessive force.” at the time smith “posed no immediate threat to the safety of himself or officers nor did he attempt to evade the officers by flight” recounts the decision. smith “was handcuffed seated on the floor and surrounded by three
hugs to everyone
“and as they cried out and cast off their clothes and threw dust into the air.”
eggs
for in one hour so great riches is come to nought. and every shipmaster and all the company in ships and sailors and as many as trade by sea stood afar off
and this is in agreement with the words of the prophets as it is said
some suggestions per flourishing life
“a woman should wear perfume wherever she wants to be kissed.”
since last blog we have opened new locations and are very excited about being in your neighborhoods
“we run a bus to most home games seater.”
at the same time new tools to edit d object designs are becoming available to nonprofessionals. the bare bones d modeler sketchup which google acquired in has enabled a new generation of d designers to try their hand at an area of design that previously had too steep a learning curve and required expensive software. the program’s user base doubled from one to two million between and and it has become a popular tool among homebrew d printing enthusiasts. autodesk the market leader in d design software followed suit with a bare bones freetouse tool called d in august . d which works even on a humble ipad marks autodesk’s entry into the consumer space. carl bass autodesk’s ceo told me that d printing and consumer participation is a major focus for the company. another new product tinkercad allows casual designers to work on d objects over the web without installing any software at all – and can share their modifications with others. when tinkercad launched its public beta in april over people signed up in the first week.
san francisco california
i really believe this is no accident.
#... dora
“the pilgrims. they came over on boats and killed the indians.” roland’s back straightened and a truculent grin stretched across his chiseled jaw as he stared down upon his shorter friend. “your people tricked them like sister nancy said in history class” he finished with condescending smite.
they’ll also call each other “fruits” and “queers” and “queens.”
he was a good lad full of beans lanky like me and my mum and dad even had him round for tea once (where he told me how to break double glazing if i ever needed to escape from a fire in my house) so he must have been alright.
time to vacate the dante chamber
update: my mom is getting the figs. she has two lovely old fig trees in her backyard (which was my mamaw's backyard when i was growing up) and makes fig preserves every year. she sent all her preserves home with my brother to africa so she will replenish her supply with these.
this was not good news. our neighborhood was built in the 's and 's when yards were quite large and full of trees. helicopter butt would be hard to find.
i wasn't going to go to london fashion week this season honest i wasn't. when pearl text me to ask what days i was doing i text back a big fat "none" i had a couple of show tickets which included antoni and alison and corrie neilson which i was going to give to my daughter anyway as even if you don't stay at a hotel in london it still costs a fortune in train fares food and starbucks which is an absolute necessity (when you have been up since am to get ready get to london then tube it across to somerset house to make a am show) so it all hardly seemed worth it to be honest i was thinking of buying a new pair of shoes with the money then my plans began to change and my "fashion adrenaline" kicked in
intrusive silhouettes
she smiled. how funny she thought. he really thinks i’m a one dimensional person with no range of emotions. “i do. i am also human. if you cut me i will bleed.”
thursdays are officially cursed.
he must alleviate suffering and "in the shadow of the buddha" subtly phrased here reminds me of the citation he includes from the "dhammapada" sayings: "speak or act with a pure mindand happiness will follow youas your shadow unshakable."
furiously: ‘maybe when i’m away from all of you stressing me out a baby will come. everyone gives me s*** about not being pregnant. stress makes people not get pregnant.’
we were riding over the mountain with that song in the background when tyler turned to me and said "this song has always reminded me a lot of our relationship."
“great thank you so much” i said. “by the way how many runners to you have in the race?”
all i can promise you is me exactly the way that i am. you have me. you have me like no one has ever had me before it is a vulnerability that i have never touched before and one that i manage everyday.
"oh well the 'sir' thing." he smiled with his faded brown eyes. "i was hoping her majesty would knight me."
it was hoped that von neumann would be of further government use with his new body but they found that like reincanation the soul would lose memory of its prior self once in a new body. howver kettler did exhibit some talents despite his lack of a formal degree and training and he went into military defense research and analysis. he worked heavily on the cloning research done at the univ of calif san diego later camp david and montauk’s project looking glass. after some rather nasty incidents when things went wrong during the reverse engineering attempts on an ancient vimana vessel found in turkey killing a dozen scientists kettler’s mind was wiped different memories of dull defense research were put in…an unfortunate side effect was that kettler began hearing voices in his head.
i have decided to go through the painful task of calling the reservation line every day this week and see how many different answers i can get. spencer said that their system could update tomorrow even but they don't know and don't have a date that they can give me. if i get the "blackout" answer again then i'll go into my next step... a complaint email.
south east asia has some of the best tea in the world. there are at least six different types of tea: white yellow green oolong black and the most expensive is the postfermented teas more on that one in a minute.
further to my comments about the shop itself – sorry “retail space” in case there are any interior designers social environment engineers or other retail marketing types listening – i really was impressed by the layout the look and the general vibe of the place. some of the big players in the booze market as well as retailers in general might like to get the number of the people who thought up the ‘feel’ of the cloudwine cellars operation. i should clarify at this point that i have only visited the south melbourne shop and i guess the other two could look like a poorly constructed bush outhouse; but i am thinking not.
“i do not feel that it would lead to a cohesive and calm environment in our village. community relations would not be enhanced.” she said.
i looked where he was pointing. towards the middle of the village was a huge oaken citadel built hundreds of years ago. craved into the wood of the halls where pictures of the forest and some of the strange creatures inside it. i saw wolves and the large monstrous creature my father spoke of. i saw pictures of butterflies and other creatures i was familiar with. the forest truly was a wild place.
monitoring of message texts and sentiment is a key com­ponent to measuring the effect of your social media efforts and it can also help you get acclimated to listening to your community. we talk about this in greater detail in the sections listen to your community and measure results.
he told the camera he told “tattoo from fantasy island” he will beat adr at night of champions.
project pan 
on a slightly different note lately i've had a lot of emails and comments from readers wanting to connect with me through alternate media (such as facebook twitter and pinterest as mentioned above).
all the stuff's got bum and bummer
i hear a chorus of crickets hum “the concords”
camp atterbury public affairs
now i have to say that i too have issues with the iaaf’s selection process which basically takes the “aoy” and turns it into a popularity contest. take the men’s finalists for example: usain bolt yohan blake and david rudisha. while blake and bolt did indeed have nice seasons with a couple of high points their overall seasons were not extraordinary. not on par with athletes like mo farah and robert harting. but jamaican fans are rabid and they vote in huge numbers – over and over – resulting in the popular bolt emerging as aoy on the men’s side. at the end of the day that’s the decision that should have us looking at the iaaf system of selecting the aoy.
if you shall see him
in she started working with fields who sang harmony played the piano and did the comedy chores. the pair was married the following year. as a team blossom seeley and benny fields headlined in big time vaudeville throughout the twenties and into the early thirties. george gershwin wrote a minute jazz opera called “blue monday” for them to sing in the george white’s scandals. the number was pulled for being too highbrow and debuted with the new title “th street” at carnegie hall in .
this does atonement teach and demonstrates the oneness of god’s son is unassailed by his belief he knows not what he is. today accept atonement not to change reality but merely to accept the truth about yourself and go your way rejoicing in the endless love of god. it is but this that we are asked to do. it is but this that we will do today.
this is supposed to be me with shiny hair but it looks like i took a bath in butter. which honestly isn't the worst idea ever. in fact anything is better than reading this post. but unfortunately for you guys you took a vow to stick this challenge out with me for better or worse. and this my friends is the worst.
boulevard brewing co. collaboration no. imperial pilsner
so jack decides that you have to take control make decisions even if those decisions are tiny and seem unimportant. he knows that everything makes a difference: going down this street and not that one or leaving the house five minutes later or smiling at that person or not or eating in this restaurant and not that one. and jack’s method of attracting luck to himself is to allow the coin to decide small actions**. he thinks that if he can throw himself on the coin’s mercy like a sacrifice luck will follow him.
a good agent knows the publishing world and what can and can't be done in it. your agent may handle foreign rights for you or have an arrangement with another agency that will do this. your agent will check your contracts and argue about anything that should be argued about. your agent will invoice your publishers and chase the publisher's accounts department when they don't pay the invoice. your agent should promote you as and when appropriate give editorial guidance on your work and have an overview of your career and how to manage it. an agent will rarely be interested in representing someone they consider a onebook wonder unless that book is truly wonderful and likely to make a lot of money.
but you ask what about this pod thing? amazon uses it and barnes and noble uses it. i mean isn't that like "against the rules?" well got news for you. any of the "big " who says today they are not moving in the direction of pod is outright lying. pod allows them to cut drastically on costs of inventory. it allows them to produce on demand. it allows them to know exactly just what is going on and it allows them to give out serious inventory and publishing and royalty statistics. in other words it saves them money. big money.
it would be great to see you there. if you click on the catalogue above you can see the work that is being taken by us. there is new work especially for chelsea by myself annemarie butlin amanda hoskin and richard tuff. previously unseen work from chris rigby. lovely pieces from the effortless brushstrokes exhibition and a selection of very exciting sculpture ( some of mine in there).
share a story about someone you admire. it’s mother’s day. i admired my mother although i never told her that. she would have been embarrassed and shrugged it off because conceit to her was a deadly sin. funny how the people who have every reason to be proud generally aren’t really. mother’s are a strange bunch. even when they’re doing a crappy job they mean well. hug your mother today.
rogue pixels widows orphans misaligned logos debatable commas dubious grammar my guy...thingy...will find 'em. and then it's jackpot time
mybuffalocontent@buffnews.com
this was a fantastic novel full of action and charming characters. i loved just about everyone i met in this novel—at least all of the main characters. they were so well developed and fun that you couldn’t help but be invested in their stories.
stormwatchers winterfest the nose is a rich aroma of caramel fig dates leather and is slightly nutty. the tast starts with a caramel and dark fruit flavor that adds an earthy hop element by midpalate; nuts and toffee smoothness come next with a bit of booziness in the finish. a warming and creamy winter beer.
there’s no clearcut delineation on the settings menu. it just says there are two english tracks without being specific as to which track is which. to inform you now track is the ‘international version” contracted by toho directly. track is the long soughtafter aip audio track. for some unknown reason there’s no documentation anywhere either on the jacket or the menu to tell you that the aip dubbed track is even there let alone that it’s track . similarly even on the commentary (audio track ) they never explicitly say that the aip track is included. they hint that “clever fans can find it with a few button clicks.”
guess what??? the whole month of april if you spend $. or more you get a free pack of this clear cardstock check out all the details here
i did temporarily commit to one piece of art. it's a print by alaskan artist rie munoz called sunday service.
with u.s. cities moving this week to crack down on occupy wall street encampments including the one in new york's zuccotti park the staying power of the movement is in question. whatever its future it's clear that so far the occupiers haven't changed many minds on wall street over blame for the country's hard times. the cognitive disconnect between the protesters and the captains of finance is alive and well.
brianna’s psychiatrist dr. nadia hollister is stabbed to death in her upstairs bathroom. brianna who is at nadia’s while the murder happens is the only witness. unfortunately she was knocked unconscious by the killer and only has the memory of the killer’s scent to go on.
i feel alive by doing exercise such as running or jumping or doing anything that makes me phisycally exhausted. then after that i go to the internet and see a lot of things that make me sad and i just feel like i have to work out more to kill all that sad things on my mind. this is good actually for my body and for my mind but it kills me to see the problem and i can't do anything about it so i just have to forget and occupy my mind with something else which is... running.
despite my love of watercolors i also found the medium very frustrating this time around. it seemed that every time i would lay down color it would dry and sort of fade into whatever was below. i colored with my son with crayons in a coloring book a day or so later and liked that result better. and by the end of this i didn't want to touch anything so "traditional" for at least a short while.
this second dvd (bitch slap) i got for some of the actors that are in this. most of the main cast members from the hercules: the legendary journeys and xena: warrior princess kevin sorbo lucy lawless michael hurst renee o' connor and ted raimi have supporting roles in this film. i think most of them are small cameos or supporting roles that many movie watchers consider "small roles" or "unimportant" roles.
mother: i know it's pretty. i like it.
if i live it is for the lord that i live and if i die it is for the lord i die for amen
hatred sternness and irritability result from forgetting god and the extinguishing of the light of holiness.
according to a mailer sent out by the san francisco silent film festival a screening of wings will open its annual festival at the castro theatre on july th with the mont alto motion picture orchestra providing music and soundman ben burtt proving audio effects live in the spirit of the sound effects used during gala presentations of wings in its day; the other academy award the film won in was for these effects as well as for the visual effects used to recreate world war iera aerial action on screen.
the shots were getting closer so i started the car whirled around and drove off.
i ran into so many people i haven't seen in years. what a thrill. some of them are doing extremely well others are exactly the same. either way it's great to see them and to see the foreign rights folks from my office.
"um i think it's a little too big for mommy" i said.
casually having a fag out of my bathroom window because i’m so upset right now.
view our arcon recruitment for similar vacanices www.arconrecruitment.com
q: you’d be different from laura bush?
this is the craft beer festival
my sevenyearold daughter and i have recently finished reading four books. somehow we ended up reading all of them at the same time. we started reading a chapter of each one every night making bedtime extra long and completely enjoyable. here are the four books.
a friend of a friend had a sketchbook that was displayed as part of this small exhibit of you guessed it line drawings. if anything the sketchbooks were the most interesting part of this exhibit: it's rare to see an artist's rough first thoughts given its own platform this way. still among the "official" works of art there were some memorable ones including an impressionistic landscape that seemed brought off simply by virtue of a few pencil smudges. spare minimalist—i like it
ben long excited answer including vigorous head nodding
don't have a clue yet.
here are a few other things i’ve observed at family picnics. what is always wrong with those kegs of beer? how come no matter how many times i pump that handle i still get nothing but foam? how come the first beer always tastes like crap but the fifteenth one tastes like the finest dark ale from a worldrenowned german brewery? i have something that’s been bothering me. how come every year there are a least two hundred more screaming rotten and annoying children running all over the place? either everybody’s breeding like rabbits adoption is big this year or neighborhood kids are wandering over looking for free soda.
moths by jennifer o'grady
i made sure to not look at my starting measurements so i wouldn’t be tempted to cheat and place the measuring tape on a thinner part of my body. i feel awesome so awesome in fact that i walked to work today even though it was a bit chilly and more than a bit windy.
my sore toes were aching my flobby floppy flabby bits were moving far too much and for those who have children you’ll know what i mean when i say my pelvic floor was not coping so well. but it was fun
. mix together the two ingredients in a bowl add salt and pepper and soy sauce.
life drawing is important to illustrators not only to understand the visual anatomy of a human but by drawing a human the behavioural actions are recorded through image. the understanding of how a person acts is more likely to stay with you through drawing them. the most successful illustrators also understand and engage with empathy being in touch with the child in themselves. therefore when writing they are more likely to understand how it would be received.
we have both moved to different states but i take great pleasure in seeing updates on her ever growing career…………
soon
come again some hot summer day
anyway this book. dawkins doesn't just argue his points he demolishes any opposition step by step systematically and comprehensively. he is a very good science writer with the ability to lead the reader through some difficult concepts. he's entertaining as well. the book covers a wide range of topics from geology the dating of rocks (which also dates the fossils in them and proves the earth is far older than the years creationists give it); embryology how an organism grows from a single cell to a complex creature in just a few months; plate tectonics explains why all marsupials are found in australia and nowhere else; microbiology experiments with generations of bacteria showing evolution happening before our very eyes.
just a quick update from the garden as well. grass is looking splendid despite the frost and although the broad beans were knocked down by the frost i am sure they will be ok and raring to go as soon as the weather warms up i can now look forward to the new lawn's first cut how exciting is that?......errr how sad am i?????
potato dressing
‘ideally i would like us just to be working and in stable jobs’ schirmacher told life inc. ‘i don’t need to make a $ayear salary. i just want to be able to make money to be able to pay my bills on time pay for the school for my kids. i just want to be able to have like nice christmases with them.’
how well does it work?
february th was mamaaughter date day. well....i guess you can call it that. we went to a local grocery outlet then walmart.....and finally stopped to try out the new frozen yogurt shop. it was fun. sugar had never been to a yogurt shop before so she was over the top excited. she asked if we could go there every week so i think she liked it. :)
rural c .%; inbreeding coefficient .
at home we folded and wrapped all the loose fabric around the boards. for lesser amounts we did two pieces of fabric per board. after a little bit of color organizing we loaded up a set of spare bookshelves and ended up with this:
after what seemed like an eternity of waiting they finally made it up the steps to the front gate. as they handed their invitations to the gatekeeper of southampton they were granted passageway to the brewery.
the cashier the money a “glimmer” of white appears.
anyway back to the point. my job is also changing radically also but i'm not going to go into that as i don't like to discuss my work. not that my job is very mysterious i just keep it at work and try not bring it home with me. these changes have also stopped me visiting other peoples blogs as much as i would like.
the odds are still very long against me of course. but thank god for this one small victory.
glance into desire.
ah. pulled away but back now. let me just lay out whats in this thing before i need to tend to my children. puffy pancake topped with caramelized walnuts (well just this caramel sauce i experimented with containing walnuts that i guess roasted in this sauce) topped with sliced fresh banana all arranged in circular fashion topped with a light drizzle of natural peanut butter. i think the p.b. was a bit of an overkill and the kids didn’t like the walnuts. but when i went back to eat the leftovers on the kids’ plates it was so good all together. the egginess of the puffy pancake with the caramel now soaked in the smooth creaminess of the perfectly ripe bananas the crunch of the walnuts. perhaps if it was topped with whipped cream it would make it. make it like a fluffernutter.
and when she realized i was not kidding
surprisingly to some this scenario isn’t a hypothetical about obama but is a recounting of reagan’s first two years in office.
at the end of the show the organizers mysteriously brought two planks of wood on stage and set them down on the floor. the two guitarists were busy doing that outro thing where they play the same note over and over as the drummer crashed the cymbals slower and slower signifying the death knell.
let's just say that joe acting stupidly without malice in his strange "year old year old" way managed to shred all semblance of acceptable (and perhaps legal) behavior through inappropriate (and possibly illegal) relationships online.
the decisive adaptable aware questinguestioning and observant teacher — active observation being among the desired attributes for any nimble teacher of young people – will be the most effective bearer of any subject embedded in the fluid evolving situation of the classroom that hehe must be mindful of and control.
this must make mr andrew neather feel a tad foolish. his proud boast that by importing the third world labour would “rub the noses of the right in diversity” appears to have backfired pretty spectacularly.
answer : there is no enforcement language whatsoever for the bill of rights. any prohibition without enforcement is merely a suggestion. or propaganda depending on your point of view. and so …
to that end we must decide. not once not weekly not daily not even every hour…….but every second; we must choose to place our hope and faith in christ. we must believe that god is still active and moving in this world. we must expect him to move in our lives every day. don’t ask or wonder if god is going to move today……no expect him to move and be watching for it.
) leave a comment telling me how much you love me. (no la just leave a comment saying you want to enter this giveaway lol) with your twitter & fb name + email 
morgen: they’re great aren’t they. where can we find out about you and your work?
sharing kites with the world
i took a course in philosophy which started with the earliest of western philosophy thinkers rene descartes. you may not know the name but i'm sure you've all heard of his famous line cogito ergo sum: "i think therefore i am." the grand idea behind that sentence is that since we experience everything through our own senses which are highly subjective we cannot know for certain whether anything beyond our own minds is real or imaginary.
luann
although we usually enjoy longer rides we had signed up for just one hour and it was a good thing i've been having trouble with sciatica for a some time now and although it has never bothered me before when i've been riding it sure did today. who knows perhaps the girth of the horse or the shape of the saddle set it off. not wanting to cut the ride short or cast a shadow on our little adventure i didn't say anything but i was very glad to get back to the stables
tomorrow is ripe with possibility—
what i can tell you is what happened when i got home.
now i'm trying the south beach diet. i'm also going to the gym regularly where i see a personal trainer and it's doing great things in all the ways that going to the gym are supposed to but what i really want to talk about is the diet.
 do you plan out things usually or do you do them more spontaneously? i usually always plan out an extended vacation; i plan my days while traveling to get the most out of the short time i have. here in oman because of my friend mario i’m learning to be more spontaneous and to just go with the flow
a shot of the way the jacket goes at the back:
tsp mustard seeds+cumin seeds
nd: he goes there to get his laundry done and drink
student : professor is there such a thing as heat?
i want to apologize for the lack of posts this week. i’m sorry i am graduating from college (tomorrow) and have a lot of stuff to deal with. but here are some things i picked up that i liked a lot.
. one summer dream electric light orchestra
fast forward to the afternoon. the weatherman was forecasting a few inches of snow so i decided that i had to go to the library to get some good reading material before the storm hit. i bundled up the kids and drove to the library. there was only one car in the parking lot which i thought was strange. we walked to the front of the library. the doors were locked. once again i was baffled. why would the library randomly be closed on a monday? i didn't realize that it was presidents day until i was driving home.
many thanks to several readers for directing our attention to an anomaly in a decision by the otherwise normally sensible hague court of appeal.
* papers so many different collections i can't begin to tell you.
and on top of the fear and the hurt i’m just plain pissed off. like i want very bad things to happen to him. which is horrible of me and the second i start thinking that way the second i am reprimanding myself for being such a bad person to think like that. i want more to happen to him than just being without a vehicle or a phone. because seriously if he would just get and keep a freaking j.o.b. he could make that happen for himself. no. i want him to suffer. i want him to feel heartbreak. i want him to be lifted to the top of the world and then thrown into the ground. i want karma to come kick his scrawny little ass for everything he ever put me through up to and including this latest fiasco. a lot of me has faith that this will happen because that’s just the way things go with me. a very dear friend of mine says it’s because i have a really strong energy force. i don’t know about that but i do know that people who hurt me get hurt. bad. and times out of they end up regretting doing me wrong. and you know what? i forgive them. i do. not because they got theirs and we’re even but because over time i recognize they are human and make mistakes. but this? i don’t see myself forgiving him for a very long time.
i love the richness of this one. i'm a fan of vienna style malts as well. this was cc's best beer and i think it would work well as a foil for seafood. i have very rich ribs which kinda knocked down the sweetness but i could see it still there. it's like if you eat porknbeans laced with brown sugar and then try to drink koolaid. the koolaid would taste like water. the act that i could get the caramel out of this one bodes well.
the deadline is midnight on friday january . make sure i have an email address to contact you. good luck and happy new year
double chocolate cake: ¾ cup butter at room temp cup white sugar cup brown sugar eggs ½ cup unsweetened cocoa ½ cup self raising flour ½ tsp salt tbsp vanilla extract ¾ cup semisweet chocolate chips ½ cup chopped nuts. bake in inch square pan.
mr. harper could achieve a great deal more if he would relax his grip on parliament its independent officers and the flow of information and instead bring his disciplined approach to bear on the great challenges at hand. that is the great strike against the conservatives: a disrespect for parliament the abuse of prorogation the repeated attempts (including during this campaign) to stanch debate and free expression. it is a disappointing failing in a leader who previously emerged from a populist movement that fought so valiantly for democratic reforms.
i love all the little things this home has...you can see the stamped concrete driveway and porch in this photo as well as the solar panel on the roof for the hot water heater. it has garages bedrooms a living room and a family room as well as two full bathrooms. i have skylights a security system energy efficient appliances and raised garden beds. i feel truly blessed
lexie kelly an openwater swimmer from california is in cayman to help organise the annual flowers sea swim in june and she will be taking part in a fivemile channel crossing between the two sister islands on saturday alongside another swimmer and a kayaker.
 squat
unrest by michelle harrison
that is what forms both the books – that and the most amusing doodles which have a life and style of their own. along with humour drier than the atacama and a wit sharper than diamond tipped razors. at times lennon also throws in a risque joke or ten about ‘cripples spastics’ etc.
combine filling in pot or saucepan stir constantly till boil. reduce heat stir minutes . pour over hot base . melt chocolate and pour over filling. cool and let set before cutting...
i wonder what would happen if the energy and resources put into keeping migrants out of europe were poured into helping migrants stay in their home countries?
elouise cobell who was present for the signing ceremony charged the interior department with failing to account for tens of billions of dollars that they were supposed to collect on behalf of more than of her fellow native americans obama said.
salt as per taste
i love you all.
 vinyl rip with scans
corbett: the people involved lack morals
“if you’re willing to pay a little more money i can give you two really good seats.”
film screening dates trailers and short synopses:
me is a distinct neurological illness and has been classified as such since the by the who in icdg.. fatigue syndrome has its own classification in f.
what i do first is save the steps to a directory on my computer. i also have subdirectories for my own patterns and creations and for images that inspire me and for potential future pattern references. i then use google's picasa to view the images (though i've recently realized that it doesn't pick up on the png files that i've saved or the gifs. those i've had to print through windows)
“if my friend were to get hit by a truck
 make your way down the spawn hill. get cover inside the trees. do not approach the wall by the bus. do not engage enemies at this point unless they are close.
no i am korean.
what if they hated it?
. the strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
this disturbed me greatly. i knew that this little dog was in great danger i knew that the odds were against its survival if it remained out there alone. there was the danger of the highway and other dangers as well. coyotes would make a quick meal of it if they had a chance. i called from the tractor “here puppy come here dog” and saw it stop. but it headed back towards the spot i had first seen it. now i was torn. we have rescued many dogs. dogs dropped off at the farm or abandoned in other places but with that has come heartbreak and great sorrow when they were later shot poisoned or run over on the highway. there was anger i felt that someone cared so little for this dog that had obviously not been exposed to the dangers of highways and had probably been a house dog but their heart was so cold as to abandon it where its odds of survival were so slim.
"little darling it's been a long cold lonely winter. little darling it seems like years since it's been here. "
we have been to visit sweet b today at uni
your test on the crucible will be tomorrow. your fourth character journal is due tomorrow as well.
so so tired. i’ve had about five hours sleep in the past two days. stupid elusive sleep.
i think there are several reasons why unschooling is very much on the fringes. also feel free to share your own opinions in the comments as i think this is a really interesting question to think about and discuss now onto some possible reasons:
this is becoming a pattern: liko is narrating his own life living simultaneously in his life and in the story of his life. his imagination is his life. it's a little bit disconcerting to watch but also kind of cool.
but she streamlined the room by clearing out all the excess and making the back wall a major focal point. doesn't the window look twice as big? i love the chunky table with the delicate wire chairs too such an eclectic look. see sometimes mixandmatch is a good thing see more on her blog my so called home.
each one of them gave their very best and more. and for us it was a true joy to have them as we too became better simply being with them.
guineas fly and they will head to the tallest tree and roost there so i need to have them trained enough to come down at night and roost in the barn where the hen house is located. otherwise i am sure the owls or hawks will have one dandy dinner. so this is another reason for my logic – they will befriend the chickens and follow them to roost at night…….right?
corporate challenge delaware park : p.m.
either way good effort
and the kind of places that agents do deal with aren't interested in you because you're not ready for them. so add a third thing to the list: write perform and spend time on the phone looking for opportunities to perform. be your own agent. that's pretty much the only advice you can give someone who's starting out. work as much as you can. you get better. and as you get better other things will come to you. (fingers crossed that'll be happening for me some day soon.)
and s. already has cosponsors in the senate
thus conscience does make cowards of us all;
all music review by lindsay planer: “hackensack” — a frenetic original composition — opens the disc by demonstrating the bandleader’s strength in a quartet environment. the solid rhythmic support of the trio unfetters monk into unleashing endless cascades of percussive inflections and intoxicating chord progressions. the title cut also reflects the ability of the four musicians to maintain melodic intricacies that are at times so exigent it seems cruel that monk would have expected a musician of any caliber to pull them off.
anyhoo i got a post on korean style slips and other undergarments and my fictional bff planned so stay tuned. they should appear by the end of this month.
“i love them all equally” she says “you know just like your mother tells you she love all of you all your brothers and sisters the same like yeah…whatever so yeah i love them all equally because like you know i don’t want any of them to get upset.”
saturday we met friends to go to the rv show. they’re shopping and it’s so much fun to go along and look at all the goodies out there they came home for dinner and another couple joined us and we ate and laughed and played cards until bed time.
 my wife says: i do want team cruz to win.
a few months back everyone was playing words with friends who still plays that or was that a game a bit like draw something? do we get bored fast and wait for the next ‘fun interactive bringing friends together game app’?
it only takes five minutes to make a bed. five minutes goes a long way to making your family appreciate you. if your children are old enough ensure that they make their own beds before school. caring for the house is a great habit for all kids to get into.
peak blessed in every which way marriage
full of sparkle and light
"i want my children to have all the things i couldn't afford. then i want to move in with them." phyllis diller
smart man an& still back pedalling hard on the anti corruption investigation bureau…..even though he in charge of them he claiming he aint know nothing about the newsday raid……really an&? we believe you. http:www.trinidadexpress.comewsgidontinterferewithpolicework.html
though i am lobbying for a ban on derrida. he makes my spleen hurt.
bake the cookies for about minutes and then let cool on a wire rack.
the office for national statistics said britain’s gross domestic product fell . percent in the first quarter of after contracting by . percent at the end of confounding forecasts for . percent growth.
we woke up at home and hours later our beautiful baby boy was laying unconscious in a small country hospital. hrs later two more hospitals four ambulance trips and two royal flying doctor flights cameron was admitted to a children's hospital icu. we had been at home with a normal happy life and a day and half later we were in icu a thousand kilometres away with cameron fighting for his life.
the way gong li wipes that smeared lipstick off her lips i rather wonder if wong intended a subtle tribute to jeanpaul belmondo's famous liptouching gesture in jeanluc godard's breathless ()...
at this time of year i’m always really conscious of the fact that we are climbing ever nearer to the summer solstice. does anyone else feel slightly melancholy when we tip over to the other side and the days begin to gradually diminish?
back to rt. thanks for the award first off. i did notice i was the only man getting an award so i’m not sure what that says about me but it certainly is interesting. the award says for thrillers and in my early books the protagonist is named dave riley and my new grandson is named riley so that is extra cool. actually the more i think about it i am very very appreciative.
it was an intensive visit so i tasted lots of exciting things and spoke to some terrific winemakers and will be writing up much of it in the forthcoming weeks – keep checking back.
earthly possessions when one of them stumbled across it. it was
sh: what are these?
mike: the drummer beats on that kit. you know live at least when i saw them he was so impressive to watch.
the u.s.'s largest marxist organization democratic socialists of america has infiltrated members and supporters into several state legislatures across the nation. usually posing as democrats the covert socialists are then used to promote d.s.a. legislation and causes such as gun control single payer health care leftist labor legislation etc. at the state level.
. what do they think about you participating in the event?
the powdered mix used to make the concoction was actually the lesser known flavor aid based in west chicago. even so executives at kraft foods inc. which owns koolaid decided to let the matter go rather than set the record straight.
let us now consider how we can solve the larger problem the provision on a sustainable basis of home purchaser finance.
ok so i’m very curious about living a green life as well as the green economy and found a fun way to learn…. i’m going to host a green economy part (after classes have ended of course)…. i can learn to educate others about living a greener life and the power of solar business….. anyway green for all has a pretty cool resource page which includes a guide for planing a green economy party (http:www.greenforall.orgesourcesostagreeneconomyhouseparty). well i’ll try mines this summer… maybe around my green garden (i know so corny)… but i’m determined to help my community as much as i can……
rowing in a red boat and there also still is return and regularly.
“this is the way of formation of criminal gangs misanthropic political parties religious sects known as destructive that destroy souls causing damage to the health of their practitioners.
happy friday mes amis
g butter
publish a community or resident handbook
just wanted to remind you not to miss the fnm this friday why is it so important that you don’t miss it? well you get the restoration angel promo this friday. i don’t believe you want to miss out on that
ok think that's it from me now.
* "sanofi aventis taxotere patents invalidated by cafc" here. to the untutored reader "sanofi aventis taxotere" might sound like one of the magic spells from bedknobs and broomsticks but discerning guest kat darren picks up its deeper meaning.
tonight i finished one of the secret knitting projects and sent that off. yay that always feels good. it had a picot on it if you recall (sidenote for my bestest friend in the whole wide world...the picot is the bumpy little things on the top of the sock).
i brought this cake to a party and it was an instant hit everyone thought it was super delicious and i got a ton of compliments. this cake really is pretty unique both in terms of the texture and the flavors. it's not something that you get to taste everyday

"what is this m.?" i asked him. he didn't know he had never played it before. it sounded fun. you would be given a target to stalk and "kill" amidst the other convention goers while avoiding being killed yourself. hmm. sounded interesting. considering there was going to be several thousand people at the convention i wondered how this one was going to play out. so i chose it. plus if i was going to play a game to bond with my husband i wanted to pretend to be a ninja or a spy or a ninja spy killer either way i was in
well if nothing else the weather is making time for crafting. almost the last of my latest batch of "nearly finished" cards thought i may enter this into a couple of challenges. cut a shaped card blank then in the same shape a floral mat (henbury lane paper) a shimmer card mat and a plain one to stamp onto. stamped the image (country companionslovers lane) and coloured with promarkers.wrapped organza ribbon around card then matted the layers on top. added silver corners and a diecut flourish embellished with silver sparkle. stamped sentiments embossed with silver tag die from marianne and attached. tried not to overdo the bling
i salute our president comrade oliver tambo for leading the anc even under the most difficult circumstances.
. writing this blog at times...haha
the parents were cheering...it was a riotous sound
i hardly ever decorate for valentines day....maybe some conversation hearts and other candies in my apothecary jars but that is normally about it.
for more months
june my girlfriends come to visit in denver
we had . seconds to get to the bus stop...no wii...but time for
alongbine: i know that you are probably tucked up in bed right now which you should be but i had to tell you i have no work hours for the next two weeks.
for those unfamiliar with ms. des barres’ tome – it is the story of her life as a rock’n’roll kitten and her rollicking adventures cavorting with the likes of jim morrison jimmy page and keith moon. and it wasn’t that she was just hanging out with these people – she made an entire career out of being a bona fide groupie. to me her life seemed to be filled with sunshine and flowers sweet hazy smoke and musky patchouli feather boas and velvet capes (and the occasional whip and chain thanks to the aforementioned mr. page). it all seemed so glamorous and being a groupie sounded way more fun than working in a bookstore. i envied her position and guileless hipness and her uncanny ability to be in the right place at the right time. and of course her liaises with famous rockstars.
more singles live in new york and more life with fellow adults thus leading to the nowtypical postcollege mutlipleroommate situation where clusters of unrelated people each with their own income compete with nuclear families for larger apartments.
only $. (ugh)
in the studio onto tape as opposed to taking a song in with me."
 & cups sugar (approximate; see below*)
so what is the story here?
blech. and urgh.
it’s important to always pay attention to where you’re leaning.
. crack of dawn
in a word: here is my (updated pareddown to words) entry to the voice blogfest contest. many thankyous to friends–known loved and unknown bloggers– who critiqued in the very short time we all had to prepare for this adventure. in writing lingo: this is the chapter one ‘hook’ with which we writers and authors attempt to snare you dear reader.
i loved their house cosy and homely but at the same time modern and full of beautiful natural light :d
· utilizes visualization software (i.e. irise) to provide low medium and high fidelity representation of client facing solutions.
as we center ourselves in the text i invite us to be aware of our breathing which is the ever present gift of life from our creator.
one of my all time favorite memories of you was your dress up time. and when you weren’t dressing yourself up you’d sit in my lap and try and put my make up on me for me. it’s the only time in my life i ever wore black mascara proudly on my nose;)
stage : so lance had a bad day today and it certainly looks like his hopes for a podium finish are shattered.
the announcement comes in the same month the business newspaper launched its own audience measurement system called the estimated average daily global audience (adga). conducted with independent assurance from pricewaterhousecoopers the model measures the number of people globally who on an average day read ft journalism in print and online. adga uses a combination of sources including syndicated national and regional readership surveys unique user and browser data ft research based on large samples of its readerser base as well as abc circulation figures.
jesus says that he is the good shepherd; he knows his sheep and his sheep know him and he will lay down his life to protect them. he says he has other sheep which are not of this sheep pen and he must go and get them. there shall be one flock and one shepherd. jesus obliquely tells the crowd that he will eventually be killed and raised back to life: “i lay down my life for the sheep. … only to take it up again. no one takes it from me but i lay it down of my own accord. i have authority to lay it down and authority to take it back up again. this command i received from my father.” the jews are divided hearing this. some of them accuse jesus of being both demonpossessed and raving mad but others remember jesus miraculously healing a man who had been blind from birth only the day before and say that no person possessed by a demon could have done such a miraculous thing.
a motif because i either forgot to stitch it right side
the group arrives at their destination to find a very fancy new home in a new neighborhood that was once lush forest and thriving farmland. “wow check out the fancy digs.” someone says “i fucking hate rich people.” “why?” “because they think they can buy anyone and anything and thusly that the customer is always right even if they are nothing but bat shit crazy. plus rich people always make you take your shoes off before coming into their house.”
the iom also receives funding from other institutions (such as nih) which are funded by government — and they largely operate as pharma front groups to push more vaccines more pharmaceuticals and more medications for americas; often while downplaying any role of nutrients such as vitamin d.
a father and his fiveyearold daughter head out to a basketball court at the local playground. he carries his regulation ball on his hip. she rolls her kidsized version in front of her occasionally kicking it to keep it moving. when they reach the court the father shoots a couple of shots while his daughter proceeds to dribble her ball around the court with two hands. after a few minutes the daughter says
i'll be sending these cards out to you within the week but first i need an email from each one of you with your address and top two favorite teams. i will be adding in the bonus stuff based on these teams. brad you sent an email with your address but i need teams and derek i know you're a braves guy but i need an address. mike i need both teams and address.
i thought that was a fun piece of trivia.
but zinn says the secondhighest number of robberies is between am and am when residents are up and about and the alarms have been deactivated.
x plains
earlier this afternoon skorp and i had an interesting conversation about the talents of the kiyosumi mahjong team in saki (original series) and i thought it would be a nice post to expand on. while this has some spoilers for the original series i’m only going to focus upon the play style of each of the kiyosumi team. after we see more of the achiga team i should have an accompanying post for them. (tl note: the kanji for kiyosumi can be read as “serene” thus the title) when commenting please do not post spoilers for the manga or achiga series
when they returned the eggs were named ..
there is no better place to be a motorcyclist than the bay area. the weather is just about perfect most of the year and the quality and variety of roads is unbeatable. i really can't see myself living anywhere else.
i held it from myself in certainty of its futility.
power of human magnetic field
—april 
add cornstarch mixture and stir till soup thickens and is smooth.
every time i come across the mav rider perched above the damage ceiling in tehran highway raining down kill after kill with the bravery of being safely out of range every time i run into a squad of usas frag round griefers i start to like this game a little bit less. here’s the thing because dice announced they are going to patch these things more people have been using them. so that “little bit less” is starting to add up. there was an entire squad of recon using their mavs to try and roadkill people other day. an entire squad. and i’m pretty sure they are not balancing the mav’s roadkill ability. i even contemplated my decision to buy bf over mw the other day.
it should also be said that the central bank’s statistics do not include overseas deposits at irish banks – for example bank of ireland has a joint venture with the post office in the uk which attracts more than €bn of deposits. and the figures may include what the dept of finance calls “consolidation differences”. having said that these are the most accurate figures on deposits in irish banks in ireland. the department of finance publishes its own deposit figures each month and has this morning published its figures for march which echo the growth suggested by cbi and show that retail deposits at the covered banks grew by €.bn in march to €bn and the department says that “half the increase” came from deposits in ireland.
the courier was operationally very secure. for example he would remove his cell phone battery so the cell phone could not have been used to track his movements to the compound. and think about the surveillance team and the ability to follow that man without getting caught. at any point along this operation if the courier saw the surveillance team the operation would’ve been blown. i know from firsthand experience in the ramzi yousef case the mastermind of the first world trade center bombing that elements within the pakistani isi cannot be trusted so this is why the cia decided to put together a unilateral operation once they had the lead on the courier. and the logistics and the care and feeding and the backstop of what took place to get this team into country to surveil all the courier from many many weeks before the bin laden operation is probably the most brilliant cia surveillance operation in quite some time.
let’s face it bheki cele was not thinking when he authorised the rm lease and neither did he for once think that he was acting unlawfully. the wasteful expenditure of funds is a hallmark of the anc government is it not?
sarah whitmire i’ve worked in beeswax quite a lot but someday i’d love to invest in a professional encaustic set and try my hand at that.
direct x. avoid as much as possible different opinions in religion.
~kim~
we were supposed to reach the border just in time during its opening hours with travel time of hours but we got to the border super ahead of time because our driver was such a speed racer and was able to breeze through the highways motorways and expressways of thailand in just hours because we were so early we had to wait in aranyaprathet police station around am to am just in time to cross the border in poipet.
* october th – southampton firehouse
the most enterprising place in the uk – to identify the town city place or area in the country that is best improving economic prospects and encouraging enterprise.
key statistics
"why miss are you a fucking lesbian?"
bersih . will be held at the historic dataran merdeka and will go on from pm to pm.
sure they don’t save the sick from a terminal disease. they can’t build a building higher than the empire state. they can’t put the gas in the tanks that keep our economy moving. but they offer something else important:
 fuckcess
we are witnessing a diplomatic failure as great as the failure to predict the collapse of soviet communism. revolts in the arab world are coming in a manner and from a quarter the experts never expected. with luck we are also seeing the end of one of the most discreditable episodes in british diplomacy since chamberlain and halifax appeased the european fascists in the s.
since february we have been regularly putting stuff on sale on facebook. to date we have sold for $ we still have things for sale: our old refrigerator an oven videos game books shoes and more. the trick is to not be stressed. we can’t do a yard sale because the yard where we live is not ours. the stuff we won’t be able to sell here will be sold in a yard sale in our next apartment where we have a big parking space. since we don’t seem desperate to sell everything right now we are able to get good prices for things that we never use and accumulate in our closets.
exacerbating the entire mess is that the city is so densely populated that construction must be done at inauspicious times and places while the city goes about its business. subways are hours so service must often be rerouted and disrupted much to the chagrin of daily commuters.
posted on mar source: tompaine.com
i have come to the conclusion some black frames like the ones on display are needed to exhibit some old family pictures so i’ll take that on as another challenge.
g butter
various fabrics
what remains to be discovered is how rumfoord's predictions will come to pass but even then readers face unsympathetic and purposefully twodimensional characters. i couldn't connect with malachi or rumford or rumford's exwife because they function on a symbolic level. malachi endures humiliations and tortures handpicked by rumfoord to be humanity's martyr punished for his sins. on a symbolical level malachi represents human decadence and therefore suffers for all of humanity's sins. a sinner jesus.
for taking away our charters abolishing our most valuable laws and altering fundamentally the forms of our governments.
that they managed to slow down for seconds so i could snap a photo.
aecht schlenkerla eiche pours lighter than i expected but it's a nice amber with a big head though that may be a function of the bottle neck. the smell is smoke and a ton of it with some meat. the smoke is by far the dominating and overpowering flavor but i do get some pork and there is a bit of sweet malt too. it's like liquid bacon. goes down quite easily and there is no hint of the % abv.
my goodness has it been a rough several weeks just when i thought i was doing better exhaustion set in however this past week has been very promising and things are definitely looking up. the trouble with that is of course everything else that has fallen behind while i have been out of commission gets first dibs on my time... and that means that all you lovely folks in blogland get the remnants. sorry about that.
it’s a little pedestrian in pacing but after the uncertain beginning this film is more than worthy of the series. i actually prefer it to revenge and created woman. the monster is preposterous (and not from hell) but then christopher lee’s makeup was just a lot of silly putty. the baron’s theory that a beautiful mind would render those features agreeable was never really put to the test was it?
 quart of catsup
pornography is masturbation’s best friend.
tbi x that's me if you had a traumatic brain injury (or injuries) and knew you might not remember dates events people etc. would you live each day differently? would you give more forgive more heal more? i am. the statistics for me developing dementia or alzheimer's is a high possibility one because of the tbis and two because i'm genetically predisposed.
this card is entered into the following challenges:
i just had a cup and now i'm bright eyed and bushy tailed. i had to have some coffee because i was somewhat discombobulated by the unofficial nap that i took on top of the duvet but under the red fleece blanket in the company of the dog. since it is a cold day i had also turned on the heater so the apartment was nice and warm and consequently my nap lasted longer than i had intended.
the three other men grumbled in agreement as they moved like apparitions through the murky water and hanging vines.
you may order from my stampin' up website by clicking here then click on shop now or by contacting me directly. my email link is at the top of the screen.
a note about the beans: i’m usually not persnickety about canned vs. dry beans but you want dry beans here so that they soak up all the flavor of the sauce. also the beans cook a long time and they’ll get mushy if you start with canned. dry beans can be found in the ethnicean aisle of your local grocery store and they are surprisingly affordable when bought in bulk at whole foods. before soaking sort through your beans and remove any blemished ones or ones that look icky. if you’ve never done this before here’s a guide:
the choice i had to make was this: do i sit in the tent waiting for the creatures to tear the the nylon and possibly eat me or do i unzip it and try to be menacing using only my wits and a flashlight? i decided on the second option and summoned my courage.
i thought i would share how we are using some of these herbs in the next few weeks. today we'll look at oregano. we all know oregano is terrific for italian dishes like spaghetti lasagna and pizzas but it is also good used fresh in green salads. it can also be added to bread doughs for a wonderful herbed bread or pizza crust.
so it snowed off and on for the last two days. incredibly there is not much snow accumulated on the ground. the streets are wet there is a lot of slush but i think another day or so will dry it all up. we are predicted to have temps of + by friday
like a forest close and mute
but let's talk about the hair loss that your drug causes.
i find this last sequence to be more subtle and moving than the rest. maybe it’s because the effect is so seamless. or maybe it’s because in this scene unlike so many others guy let her creativity take over. tasked with depicting the weirdest most unnatural moment of all she chose abstraction and not through techniques of old artforms but through those of her own new one. this scene is about the promise of the future and proved to be just that in more ways than one.
thurs. feb. nd the aardvark fort worth tx waul wall
 lbs kohlrabi leaves or kale tougher ribs removed and leaves chopped into inch pieces
as a recording artist ronan has a relatively short shelflife. simon knows he is going to have to hit the ground running to maximise ronan's earning potential particularly if they go ahead with a planned break into the states and the pace is going to be frantic for ronan. if you think the music industry is bad in the uk you haven't seen anything until you experience it stateside.
the bike in question was an uber cool uber rare vintage coventry eagle frame which was my st vintage build. it came to me in a fairly rough state and basically needed new… well everything. the reason it ended up on the trailer is because the ″ wheelset i’d bought simply wasn’t working out properly with the brakes and i also needed to get the bottom bracket rebuilt so i broke down and took it into the bike shop for some advice.
as i prepared to leave moncton i gave back the keys i’d held to my friend’s homes knowing it wasn’t really necessary for me to hold them anymore. but one friend wouldn’t take her key back.
) "imagine a lush forest: silent but for the chirping of birds flying through a dense canopy overhead and damp aromatic earth underfoot. now picture a mountain of incinerated trash million tons of what was once a toxic heap of rotting fish and vegetables old clothes broken furniture diapers and all manner of discarded items." this describes a new project by architect tadao ando called the sea forest. the sea forest "will transform hectares of reclaimed land a meter deep mound of alternating layers of landfill into a dense forest of nearly half a million trees" in tokyo bay. ando adds that it is also an experiment in climateengineering or weather control as the future of urban design: "not only will [the forest] become a refreshing retreat for stressed out city workers it will also create a cool ocean breeze to sweep through the capital and cool its sweaty denizens in summer."
so what did i actually want?
the blue room hasn't remained empty for long i had big plans for it. my new sewing room has emerged and i love it. it's much larger and lighter than the one i had previously which was on the south side of the house and didn't let in much light.
aviation
the avengers ( joss whedon)
. whenhereow did you get your start?
by tomorrow he'll wish he was dead.
heart attack while driving
what do our dear lords do? they take it for a mere jest. it is a fact that the turk is at our throat and even if he does not will to march against us this year yet he is there armed and ready any hour to attack us when he will and yet our princes discuss meanwhile how they can harass luther and the gospel. it is the turk against it force must be used it must be put out that is what they are doing right now at speyer making the greatest ado about the eating of meat and fish and foolishness like that.
flying dog gonzo imperial porter .%
a is back to all her groupslasses this week: drama guides piano. piano is a bit of a bone of contention at the moment. she's not really enjoying learning and sees it as mum 'making her' do something. its a difficult one on one hand i can see her point of view why should she be made to do classes she's not interested in? but on the other she does enjoy music very much and has a real ear for it it would be a real shame to waste that talent. i would never push her to do exams or anything like that but reading and playing music to a competent level would be a great skill for her to have useful in so many ways and situations. i think i may have to agree to stop the lessons for now anyway i'm hoping that at some point she will realise how learning music could benefit her.
there are a number of jameses in the new testament who were alive when jesus was. some were related to him others were not. some were among his twelve others were not. some have been canonised others have not. some had mothers named mary others did not.
 timothy : for men will be lovers of self lovers of money boasters arrogant revilers disobedient to parents unthankful unholy
so ukunpublished sees its company as a ‘hybrid’ of publishing. i can accept that but authors need to understand that services like this are not a substitute for mainstream publishing. it is what it says – a hybrid – taking elements of what is available from traditional and high end service publishing.
 dictum
i wrote this so long ago and it is incomplete but i wanted to post it anyway. funny to post it in the middle of a heat wave here in new england. degrees expected tomorrow
idiocy is an understatement for this idea.
which your decree is to be in the end
it takes time to tune an ear and effort too. it means tracking down every unfamiliar song and welding the visual image of the bird to an ephemeral voice. unless you are among the gifted few someone with the auditory recall of igor stravinskly the weld usually does not hold the first time or the second time either. the bird with the short bright phrases or the raspy vowels must be tracked down over and over and over. then over and over again until those phrases and the image of that bird fuse and become one.
tickets on sale tomorrow may at :am
 and america is tired of all this job growth
as someone who has created plus companies the lesson that can be learnt is that within it we need to spot opportunities for improvement. it is not enough however just to spot them the onus is to spot them and then to create an environment to leverage that opportunity and to make it happen.
(irrelevant portions omitted)
it's a wonderful life.
) if you want to take less of a financial risk you can get you show on the web and start gaining sponsors. the hunting channel online has one of the best programs available for new start up shows we make it possible for you to get paid while building your business email info@huntsecrets.com to find out more about this opportunity
“in the simmering hot summer of a monstrous evil is stirring within the eternal city of rome. the brutal murder of an alchemist sets off a desperate race to uncover the plot that threatens to extinguish the light of the renaissance and plunge europe back into medieval darkness.
the main questions being discussed: does the monkey get the copyright? if not does anyone?
another thought in selecting fly fishing rods is that the action of the rod or flex full flex rods are sensitive and offers a much better feel for the fish however are short on casting distance a stiffer rod can permit longer distance casts however can sacrifice the sensitivity. in things of serious wind quick flowing rivers and ocean fishing a quick action stiff fly rod is your best bet.
 soon
what's kambozza like?
hi sweets this is my second post for today and i'm planning to write one more tomorrow morning (which will be still saturday in the northern hemisphere) as i have a finished card waiting to be blogged since friday :)
immediately into my head flashed a life lesson from god.
this is a complete look at my interests (fashion music film art media etc.) & how i see the world around me. there will be no vanity no mindless posts.
*i halved the recipe i found so feel free to use cup polenta and double the other ingredients for a larger batch.
for the man's grief abhorrent draws and presses
dozens of ford employees were relocated to brazil and a model american town was built in the jungle complete with a modern hospital a library a golf course and rows of white bungalows. the streets were dotted with model t ford automobiles. henry ford exported small town america to the jungle.
but would it set me free
the doctors want him to eat as many calories as he can
this wasn't supposed to turn into an infertility post. that's not where i meant for it to go but it just did.
it was evident to me that we needed an early lunch break. tired hungry kids aren't at their best for learning. we finished the lessons they'd been working on and prepared to go downstairs to the kitchen. first though i called everyone in for a group hug. i had to force the issue a bit so i told them "this mom runs on hugs. my cookie baking powers don't work without hugs."
i tilt my head
fyi the creighton model can also be used for achieving pregnancy. as a first line for trying to solve an infertility problem this is where you want to be. catholic or not. creighton has the corner on “we help you figure out what is going wrong so you can get pregnant”. and bunch of options for treatment that are not onesizefitsall expensive dangerous craziness. top notch work there. worth a look if you are trying to conceive and not having much luck.
over time the pain in my heart ceased to be a daily reminder of how bad i could feel and made me a stronger person. life is for living and i lived.
shankar got a hold on himself. he was becoming hypnotised by those eyes. but he had to stay alert. it wasn’t as if he could get some help — his survival depended on his nerves. but there was obviously a physical limit. his hand couldn’t go on staying still forever. at some point even a snake bite must have appeared to be more appealing
they have a product called insulbright which is an insulated lining for oven mitts tea cozies etc so i used that. i bought some mm bias binding but with all the layers of the mitt it wasn't really wide enough for a novice like me so i went back and got the mm instead. one of the ladies at bernina gave me some good advice which was to zigzag around the whole mitt before binding it so the layers would be nice and flat to bind. i also used the zigzag stitch to attach the binding to the mitt. it's not perfect at all but i am happy with it for a first go and kelli was rapt with it so thats good i was a bit worried that i should have put some cotton batting in the mitt as well but kelli used it last night and said it worked a treat so that's a relief
as elisabeth told us then her private request had gone unanswered and she was growing uneasy at the silence. she thought perhaps a more widely broadcast appeal might solve the problem. when dymphna heard about the situation she asked me to post a notice to correct the record. in her opinion elisabeth had every reason to be concerned given that she is in the midst an ongoing appeal in an eu court against that “hate speech” conviction.
i nodded. “to keep it safe. yes. and you did a fantastic job keeping the document safe from those creeps.”
maybe that's a clue to the truth: for the time being at least there are going to be those who prefer one or the other; i've even heard people say they like both but for different purposes: e.g. paper for books to treasure and electronic for books to take on holiday.
note about the coconut: the original recipe calls for desiccated coconut which i think is unsweetened but we can never find it and have always used sweetened angel flake coconut.
"we have to stand together to fight crime in our beautiful country.
us for many years.
 rubyparaffin (red snapper mix)
we learned a little about the met's recruitment enrollment and orientation process and we are eager to learn more because we continue to get phone calls and emails from families and youth who want to enroll with new orleans liberation academy this fall. from the met we're wondering: how do you orient your students to a radically different educational environment than what they have experienced all their lives in order for them to be successful?
when caitlin ray and mariah moved in with me *temporarily i told her she'd have to find new or *temporary homes for puma and her chihuahua lola.
the palate was soft and lightly textured with fleshy succulent nectarine fruit balanced by just enough acidity to keep it fresh and lively. a touch of minerality kept it lively too
culture museum
sonic youth are known as sortof tonal mad scientists a rock band on the fringe of dissolution into noise an outfit prone to sudden bouts of amplifier feedback ritual and worship. blixa bargeld of einstürzende neubauten fame would praise their unique and heretic approach to their own music and their musical instruments (tens of busted up and experimented upon guitars kept in cardboard boxes all over the stage like so many broken furniture parts) as he was deciding to leave nick cave and the bad seeds on account of nick’s heroine feverdream music being just a little bit too mainstream back in the early nineties. kurt cobain used to idolize them and covered one of their songs with nirvana. that’s how much of an impression sonic youth leave while somehow managing to stay in the shadows of the industry thoroughly askew in their abrasive sound armor plating merely flirting with pop sensibility on some albums and completely smashing it against the wall in others.
b.a. programme
and rightly so as he is almost always super busy with work.
bronze waterproof clay liner makes for an amazing eyeshadow. it's a complex bronze with enough darkness to add dimension to your eyes without making them seem overly smoky. pair it with the beach bronze cream shadow pot for an easy eye that puts the focus on your peepers.
why not? a couple of years ago while i was sitting in the departure wing of the montreal airport a security officer was weaving his way through the crowd at “schritttempo” or translated from german walking speed.
the water boss softener resin acts like a magnet pulling hardness out of the water. our water tests also allow you to find out whether your water needs to be purified from metal deposits.
. allegro
finally after weeks of fighting with the new osx github client i went back to the old classic command line system and finally managed to get my stuff in github (but i’m also not an expert on github so for sure my mistakes)
miles redd; interior designer
when my husband and i were first married there was the honeymoon phase. life was grand i woke up to glitter and rainbows every day. then came the adjustment phase uh not so great. little things like leaving socks on the floor not picking up his towel leaving glasses on the counter drove me nuts and i let him know all about it every chance i got. sure i drove him nuts too my anal ways about housekeeping among lots of other things. but we worked through it. both of us had to grow up and realize that we were each our own individual but joined. it was not about who was right or wrong it was about learning to adjust to each other.
as we write this letter we remember all of you and the influence that each of you have made on our lives. we grow and learn from our experiences and from those around us. thank you for touching our lives. may you enjoy this holiday season and the year to come.
it is definitely less classy but that’s not to say that it is entirely bad because heavyhanded shit is like a fun roller coaster ride and hey we watch shit to be entertained not educated.
so out goes anwar to be replaced by gordon dangerfield a veteran of the antipoll tax campaign who has acted for the former msp in previous court battles.
their destiny is coming
i live miles from mom and i called her later that night to see how her birthday had gone. i think we were on the phone for about hours and all she could talk about was the kitty tube. she said she kept going outside to admire it like it was a new car and she proclaimed more than once that it was the “cadillac of cat houses” so there you have it – mom & ms. kitty have spoken
what are you some of your favorites?
good advice. okay so who was the most influential person in your writing career?
whenever i try a new recipe the whole family dreads it. i have not had too many successes. i get this cooking magazine that had a week worth of recipes with a convenient little shopping list included. i did it but by day five i was done spending that much time in the kitchen every night. the recipes were not that great either or actually my ability to make them might have been the real problem. so i returned to my rotation of spaghetti tacos pork in a pan sloppy joes some kind of chickenegetable stir fry and maybe if i want to get real exciting i might throw a tuna fish dinner in there. oh how sad is that?
by peter haydon &tim hampson
spray baking sheet with nonstick spray or cover with parchment paper. set aside.
in reality the opposite occurs as rena briefly finds herself in a position of great power thanks to liana's nononsense stance against rape. of course the key word there is "briefly" as rena squanders her power. her obsession with torture causes her to not notice that her kingdom has been infiltrated by a chimp named rocky. i know what you're thinking he's just a chimp. oh but rocky isn't your average chimp. even koukou winds up singing rocky's praises ("monkey free everybody") when all is said and done. not embarrassed in the slightest that they were rescued by a chimpanzee liana and friends seem glad to be free. i only wish i could say the same for the amazonian warrior who looked exactly like jenny slate in a blonde wig as she appeared sad. and you know what they say? whenever a jenny slate lookalike in a blonde wig is sad the world is sad too. hey she should have thought of that before she joined an allfemale cult run by a man (ninetyfive percent of male run allfemale cults fail with the first three months of operation). oh and if anyone knows where lina romay cameo is in this film please let me know.
yeast collecting vessel meantime a most primitive system prevails as regards collecting and storing pitching yeast old casks employed for same and unboiled pit water being the only water used for cleaning these casks. messrs adams have fitted a rail below fermenting vessels with the idea of running aluminium yeast tanks under parachute tubes to collect yeast from same but meantime there is only the rail. this system if properly carried out would be an admirable one but fairly costly. meantime i would suggest getting three copper lined yeast waggons on wheels with portable cold water attemperators such as your brewer has seen at work in duddingston brewery for storing his pitching yeast.'
the music grew louder more insistent opposing other sound from reaching her ears. every vibration of the melody shredded into her body unravelling her being. althea cried out as the notes of the song coursed through her nerves and pain sang its way through her body to consume the essence of her inner self. she screamed defiant as she felt hands touch her pull at her the family’s voices mingling with the sound of the music...
heat up a nonstick pan add a little oil. when hot add in cut shrimps fry until almost cooked. push to one side of the pan. add in starch mixture on the shrimps side. let it set while break in an egg on the other side of the pan. break the yolk and add in chopped scallion dried chives and white pepper (you can add beansprout andr lettuce). cover the lid. open the lid and fold the egg side onto the starch side like folding an american omelette. i served it with thai's sweet chili sauce. like rd picture above.
my dear friend emily gave me this as a birthday present today and it couldn't be more spot on. thank you emily i appreciate your love & friendship more than you could ever imagine; you always seem to know just how to meet me where i am in my faith at any given moment
the words “i don’t care” rang loud in his head.
abv: .%
here's to and fresh adventures
and i never will forget it
british going live
neighbors
and guitarist bob weir were featured at the mixing console
hooray for life that comes with a mother's love
love makes us cuddle
mickey hart – drums
yeah...i thought my effing head was gonna explode. the video interviews were bad enough but i finally had to turn it off when they started to compare defense spending to welfare.
there are many examples of this contemporary mindset but one especially obvious one can be found in the financial black hole of our modern education institutions. in these cauldrons of loveless envy god and objective truth have been expelled while simultaneously attempting to hold fast to ethics. this of course is folly. lewis has another famous and astute point regarding this:
the wicked child what does he say? "what does this service mean to you?" "to you and not to himself" because he has removed himself from the community and denied the essential truth (כָּפַר בְּעִקָּר). you should set his teeth on edge and say to him: "because of what yhwh did for me when i went out of egypt." me and not him. if he had been there he would not have been redeemed. my friend's mother saw the wicked child as the person who has entirely removed him or herself from the community and rebelled against it.
the two sat comfortably at the table exchanging cute smiles as they talked about memories together and life in general. he looked up to see an approaching lady selling flowers. the lady is smart. she walks past the little bars along the avenue and side streets selling flowers. she takes advantage of the fact that if she asks a guy in front of his woman if he would like to buy her a flower how could he say no to that? the flower is only one dollar the lady is so cute and sweet and the guy has the love of his life looking at him to see what he does well in this particular instance the woman sitting with the guy answered. she looked at the lady and said in spanish “we are not in love yet” and the lady gave a look of surprise to the woman and winked her eye. after the woman left the guy sat back in his chair and laughed with a deep thunderous tone. they kissed and he started laughing again and his love just maintained the cutest grin. the cool night air here is a blessing every evening. while the sidewalks and streets are always busy the evening crowd is almost completely made up of people enjoying the fact that they can comfortably enjoy a walk or sit down peacefully and drink a soda or beer. there seems to be a little bar type of place with music blaring every meters here. the week nights are not very crowded but friday and saturday will appear as a sea of colorful people wearing coastal trend clothing. many beautiful latin women that invested hours doing hair and makeup will be strolling eversoproperly down the sidewalks as if on a beauty exhibit being judged.
for instance; one monday morning a colleague – let’s call him clueless was telling a story of a horrible weekend. he had invited his girl friend – to his weekly aside match. his plan was to show a tshirt underneath his jersey saying ‘marry me kate’ after scoring a hattrick goal. meanwhile he knows kate hates football; she’s your typical pinkwearing girly girl who’d rather be sitting in a spa on saturday morning than out in the cold watching men chase a ball around a field. clueless did score a goal – an amazing one according to him but then kate was nowhere to be seen. he got home irritated and annoyed and they ended up having a big row.
i just picked up a book from our boys' school no kidding about bullying. the school itself is trying to encourage parents to be parents and read and think and get involved in their kids lives. its sad that its come to this the big government institution has to look after us the small mom and pop outfit...and i applaud them for what they are doing.
nuclear strikes against underground bases
$ each ($ each framed)
to create the whimsical look of tea spraying from the tea cup i hot glued some green floral foam inside the tea cup. then i took several feathers and poked them into the foam until i achieved the desired look. the "pouring tea" is not secured to the tea cup (again because the project was going to be mailed to cha chicago and back). however the tea cup and the tea pot were suspended to be sure that the "pouring tea" would line up properly when hung.
when i heard that i fell apart. the strain has been huge and the
final health update
i had reached my th grade limit for the week. sorry guys.
but the most impressive milonga was definitely the one on sunday in the muziekgebouw a modern glass building opening on the amsterdam harbour with a wooden terrace outside. as there were allglass walls you could dance and watch the sun set over the harbour – beautiful. besides it was really warm so the doors were left wide open and people circulated freely between the dancefloor the café next to it and the terrace outside.
hi all hope you had a nice easter... i spent the weekend more or less with michael porter what a dream. if you don't know who that is i envy your life. about more weeks to handin.
. what do you want to be in years? bestseller
they thrust their arms up in the air and smile crazily as they take off racing forward toward toddlerhood.
because it was ‘live tv’ and no recordings have been in circulation since the series aired in media circus has been all but forgotten. i hope this video will help it to regain a measure of the attention and respect it deserves as one of the most critically sophisticated mainstream media programs ever produced.
. these socks allow one to have the sockless look while absorbing enough sweat as to avoid having smelly shoes and feet. they also provide more warmth than true sockless wear allowing one to go "sockless" even in cold weather.
sports journalists have always had to walk the line of being friends or fans of the team and doing their job. for student sports journalists a lot of times that line is even tougher to walk. it’s for that reason that i draw the line at tweeting at those athletes.
here are my "keepin' it real" details for this project:
.doves
mission accomplished back at the hotel we stroll across the lobby and have almost made it safely to the elevator without notice when we hear “did you girls find what you were looking for?” from the woman at the front desk. can we do anything in this hotel without attracting the attention of the entire lobby? first my guidedog decides to perform a rain dance in front of an audience of about bellhops. now the desk clerk is broadcasting our quest for cheap liquor to the entire lobby. on balance we decide it’s best to respond politely.
mylune: ooh now don’t be like that mr. biteypants you know autie luney just want to wuv you like this
quiz: am i in a relationship with a control freak?
you don't want to make straight lines. you want to make them run on degree angles and avoid making "x"s practice this technique on cardboard a few times until you are comfortable. gently feather the veins to soften them.
 choose the text tool (t). in the property inspector all the options should be the same as the ones in step of this tutorial except one: the font size. make it smaller change it to .
as jesus trusted his father we should give the full trust in his hands and accept jesus as mediator. but we also should accept that by the offer of jesus we all now can come directly to jesus his and our father and we should know jehovah and that the things he asks from us are always for the good of us and the best for this world.
and yes i know you could arrest without a warrant…but come nah man…is months all yuh planning this thing
release date: january (already out in the uk)
messages are not new in the kornkreise. one of the first to be deciphered was the chilbolton radio telescope formation which appeared in the summer of . its message was clearly an answer to the radio telescope transmission sent in by dr. carl sagan and his team of astronomers based at cornell new york cambridge mass but transmitted from puerto rico’s telescope at arecibo. the ‘reply’ caused a stir. carl sagan was sadly no longer around to appreciate it. his team were interested in the similarities expressed in the crop message and their original transmission. it was the differences however which fascinated: it was a clear attempt to express a communication from an entity which does not have human proportions. messages then followed thick and fast. in the next year only eight miles south of chilbolton at crabwood farm near winchester the ‘alien face’ appeared accompanied by its ascii (binary) message: interpreters used a similar method to the chilbolton design: seeing the crop folds and standing tufts as ‘pixels’. substitute a for standing crop for flattened sections; dividers between words were smaller tufts. an anonymous crop circle computer wiz volunteered a binary translation shortly after its appearance. his work was doublechecked by paul vigay – then still alive and at the time working on cymatics – sonic and musical form expressed as a visual. he agreed with the decoding: the message said:
and then the print book. i won't go over the createspace v lulu debacle. suffice it to say that the process for a pod book is similar though the formatting is different (of course). and you get a proof of your lovely book to hold and smell and wave at people and remind you how clever you are writing all this ... and then you have to read it looking for mistakes. yes you really do. i know you've read it so often your eyes bleed at the first sentence but this is the last chance to find typos. (someone suggested reading it backwards which worked for me. i meant i didn't skip bits because i knew them too well.)
lost her car at the mall got locked in a bathroom stall
in obari was called in to work on the nd and rd episodes of aic’s ova “fight iczer ″ as an animation director. ben from anipages has quite a nice post on the ova here. during iczer ′s production obari poured his unique style over the mecha design of the show despite the mecha designs being established in episode he went and redesigned the mecha for episode and as seen below.
.here to stay
am yisroel chai.
angina occurs more frequently in women than in men and more often in africanamericans and hispanics than in caucasians. it also occurs more frequently as people age % of women over the age of and % of men between and years of age have angina.
so here i was just mesmerized by this girl who seemed to be pulling off these otk boots perfectly. i studied the boots...there was a zipper in the inner calf but it didn't go all the way up. there was a gap in the otk part but with a buckle. i went super encyclopedia brown on her ass.
how can i want something but have a hard time with it. how can i be grateful for the opportunity but still wish for other things? how can i know it is important and still feel so unimportant? how can i describe to you what i am even talking about this is one strange ramble
chicken noodle soup
elsewhere private rents rose by .% in the month of january and over the past year such rents are up by .%. it seems that in our financial crisis the big correction in rent took place in with a % maximum decline compared to a decline of just .% for all of . since the start of there has been a .% increase (mostly recorded in february and october ). at the start of january the department of social protection reduced its rent assistance payments by up to % (an average of %) and the department says that some % of the rented market in the state is affected by rent assistance payments which at the end of was paid to households. the department’s % is derived from information provided to it by the private residential tenancies board. the department is projecting it will save €m in from its €m budget for rent assistance the saving comprising €m to changes to the minimum contribution and €m in relation to the new maximum limits.
boost pain (psionic)
pm
my love of these characters was perfect
anyway since then we had to wait until the area dried out so the next stage could begin. here's the first load of fill that arrived last weekend. now that pile is only half the size it was when the whole load first arrived. by the time i'd taken this shot darling husband had already spread almost half of it. it's amazing just how much fill is needed for a job like this.
the best exotic marigold hotel (may ) – a group of british senior citizens retire to a run down indian hotel. some of the biggest british film stars are in this film including judi dench maggie smith and tom wilkinson.
no more than yards away a group of four men listened carefully as the chinese commanders shouted at their troops. all four were virtually invisible blending with the undergrowth of the swamp floor. one of the four men had been a chinese linguist prior to the crash. he spoke both mandarin and cantonese fluently. the man’s whispered translation of the shouted commands was all the other three needed to help them decide to immediately return to their cabin deeper in the swamp.
hiding.
inspired by early morning walks amongst terrace gardens in sydney's paddington the paddington candle combines tulips and tuberose in a fragrance equally evocative of du monde's latrobe terrace paddington location.
just another day in the neighborhood.
while efficiency can be applied with some degree of precision equity or economic equality is another matter. many believe that equity means an equal distribution of income or wealth. fairness could therefore imply addressing the issue of poverty. the idea of economic justice and to what extent government should subsidize the poor through economic assistance continues to be a topic of discussion among political leaders.
find me at your side.
you can't squeeze a sedan through a " gap no matter how much you stretch the laws of physics. grrrrr... it's raining and cold so we're not gonna walk with two kids.
“maybe someone stole it and buried it there and then drowned in the pond”
thanks so much for stopping by. i hope you'll come back soon.
a descendant of atlantis sabine tobias needs the map to decipher an ancient prophecy. what she doesn't need are the sparks flying between her and max. he's too devilishly charming to be trusted: the fate of her people is at stake as well as her heart. yet a ruthless killer also covets the map. now max and sabine must race to decode the prophecy's riddle before this criminal fulfills his deadly mission.
i like some of the picks the dolphins made but ryan tannehill was both unnecessary and stupid. matt moore is a better qb right now than tannehill ever will be in my opinion. this team is still in need of tons of help.
iv) everytime a public mass transport facility is installed – highway bus interchange mrt airport (those near enough to hear noise or be affected by pollution)
sooooooo cuuuuuuuute (even i sometimes think little kids are cute. but only when they're dolled up in a funny way like this one)
let the brave venture on alone
it was a beast. on a positive note it had a sweet gritty texture; lemony floral notes; and was chockablock with ingredients like coconut shavings.
electrical upgrade
another way is to confer to others a range of possible thoughts or motives and to be intentional when we treat them as if their motives are the noblest ones.
i had to be very careful around my children for a long time. i don't know how many times a day that i would go and lock myself in my bathroom and cry. i didn't wank my boys to see me crying all of the time. there were many times that i just couldn't hold it back and they still would see me crying. doing the dishes laundry driving in the car etc.
. let me go (disgustitron remix)
ave is now four almost five and has changed quiteabit. she is pure joy (most of the time) and brings to this family only what ave could. herself
i've seen a few writer friends on facebook recently promoting their own books as potential christmas presents. this makes me feel uneasy though i'm not really sure why. it's quite likely that some of these books would indeed make very good christmas presents and are probably very good books and i wouldn't have thought of buying them otherwise. so why not? but i won't be buying any of them nor will i be plugging my own books at christmas.
leg
some symptoms….
stranraer is miles crosscountry from us and a good miles on the decent road.
you can become exalted with ironforge by buying an ironforge tabard and wearing it while in any instance including low level ones. you will get reputation for every mob killed. the mounts are all available from the amberstill ranch in dun morogh.
the website says "on sky digital and around the world on the internet – this is radio caroline." and for two weeks starting this friday th july between hours and hours gmt radio caroline presenter jim ross will play various tracks from the magic ship album 'lovetel motel' on his afternoon show.
i did this picture for the upcoming book of my good friend marion montaigne famous in france for a drawn blog she does about science which is hilarious. each time a fake reader sends a question on a postcard and she answers it it the most funny and unpredictable way based on real scientific facts but speaking in the name of her avatar the mustached professor.
we planted tomatoes radishes a couple peppers tomatillos okra watermelon lettuce green beans cucumbers spinach basil oregano thyme chamomille lavender...i think that's all. we put in seven of these things i did reserve one for zinnias so that i could have cut flowers all summer.

taking indoor photos continues to prove challenging to say the least pulling my hair out a little while getting acquainted with my nikon d and figuring out what aperture to use and blah blah bah humbug tis not the season to be wrestling with a new camera. i'm ready to sit down eat drink and be merry
“you want to relate to trauma as an experience not as a diagnostic category.” – dr. william steele
 brooklyn father and son called deadbeat slumlords blamed for philadelphia fire that killed two firefighters. failed messiah
i'm so excited about this upcoming book written by blake boles. if you are an unschooling family that is now or will someday consider college or options to college a young adult looking for alternatives to the expensive college path or someone wanting to expand their ideas of what learning can continue to be as an adult this will be an excellent resource.
many a soul has hired a contractor to do repairs or improvements on a home only to find something is fishy. here are some tips to avoid problems.
queens has more miles of overhead power lines than any other borough con ed officials said. there are no outdoor electrical wires in manhattan.
layout: this layout is datahappy which i personally enjoy but i'm wondering if it's overwhelming to readers. i'm thinking of nixing everything except a revised "about the blog" and the archives and putting anything that needs to be included on a separate page.
well there is good news and bad news.
glimmer mist and gesso. this was meant to be the "negative" version of a page from yesterday but it did not come out as well as i hoped. i'm going to try something similar soon but with dictionary paper. so don't think you're seeing double :):
old man clooney was the only man on the creek who knew how to make moonshine that wouldn’t kill whoever took a drink. living his life on top of patch mountain gave him a sense of unwarranted superiority. he was the type of man who could hit a deer with a small riffle from two hundred and fifty yards away. yet he couldn’t hit the huge hole which marked the outhouse facilities. clooney was a loner and didn’t spend anytime socializing. a simple creature he could survive his entire life with only three things: beer boxer shorts and batteries for the remote control of his zenith television. other than those who visited clooney via dragnet his favorite show was when people came looking for hillbilly spirits. people came by hoping to open a fresh bottle of corn squeezin’s which clooney made often. moonshine an alcoholic beverage that when made and sold without permits and taxes paid is illegal. the alcohol is usually clear was water and runs to about poof.
as you sit still and feel the sun and the wind and hear the birds and the squirrels close your eyes and know god is right here with you. always.
millie pulled a pistol on santa – de la soul
with my books i have tried to create a different type of vampire series using myself as the main character and so with the help of an excellent cartoonist my true likeness has been changed into a manga cartoon that you will see on the book covers and also inside the books as my book is full to bursting with colour drawings of me and my vampire friends and family.
 . book review: albert f. blaustein and charles o. porter the american lawyer a summary of the survey of the legal profession (chicago: university of chicago press ). lawyers guild review vol. pp. ().
i feel guilty for leisure embarrassed by free time and apologetic for fun.

this is not a monster movie and blurby lines like this do it a disservice “the nightmare from the deep is still lurking – more carnivorous and hungry than ever.”
*admires their very good plots*
i don’t know what the answers are for barbados but i suspect things will work themselves out in a few more generations with a little more crossrace bedding.
my issue is getting them to pay me are you aware of a delaying tactic or policy on holding off on paying people?
brantigny
“we shut him off and called up the professor of biology and he said that all he knew was that it was close to aus – .
will share more findings from pakistan soon for now i’m busy holding on to the thought of c temperatures while looking out the window at the chilly uk rain.
but i’m also of the belief that it’s not just weight that’s an indicator of weight loss. it’s also just how you look and feel fit in your clothes etc. and there has definitely been an improvement on that one.
from the snow people collection by darling & company seattle wa.
the materials used waterman says include maxspitter arduino a fivebutton circuit projector computer foam board thirtysecond animations inkjet prints and fluorescent light.
leapbeer # is devils dream ipa by hoyne brewing company in victoria bc
“the music industry used to sign ten acts throw money at the wall and one of the bands might work. the comedy industry model is let’s have ten acts give us all their money up front then we’ll throw their money at the wall and one of them might work.
sa: most parents have some hallowed vision of the perfect parent—who loves unconditionally but also sets limits who overcomes his bullshit for the sake of the kids. but these visions are mostly selfpunishment. my own sense is that nobody knows what the hell they're doing especially today with so many roles having shifted. i know for a fact that i screw up every day mostly out of my own emotional neediness. i try to please the kids too much. i lose my cool. i send mixed messages. and so on. the problem with parenting in the precincts of plenty is that fathers (and even more so mothers) hold themselves up to this impossible ideal.
i saw it the day it came out. and then again the next day. cuz i'm like that.
osip mandelstam opted out of the great debate between westernising and russophile intellectuals. born in warsaw to middle class jewish parents and raised in st petersburg he was fascinated from an early age not with industrial northern europe but with the ancient civilisations of the mediterranean. mandelstam's poetry brings together in a strange but unaffected way the turbulent russia of the early twentieth century with its barricaded streets and cavalry charges over frozen lakes and the warm pagan sensual greece of homer and aristophanes. the black soil of the ancient south is slipped under the bloodstained snows of revolutionary russia. mandelstam welcomed the overthrow of tsarism in february and he was able to publish his poems and earn a living as a journalist during the first few years of bolshevik rule but stalin's rise to power in the mid's was a disaster for him.
i approached amazon the publisher for shaken about this issue. i really wanted this book to be released at a low price and without drm.
this is the birthday card that i created this week. i used fiona the image times as well as her fish bowl. this set can be purchased at wink wink ink stamps.
makes servings net carbs per serving.
"it's so disorienting isn't it? helen was saying.
"a sand county almanac" by aldo leopold*
what north americans now call "liberal" is a long way from what was called "liberal" in the th century and earlier. the original liberal ideas came principally from the early economists and hark back at least as far as the writings of adam smith (). and what are called "neoliberal" ideas today still have their main source and are most influential in economics. in their more general form however such ideas seek to elevate individual rights above the claims of state and community power. the writings of j.s. mill () are most quoted as a comprehensive development of such ideas. note the following passage from his famous essay "on liberty":
or your miserable performance at clue.
full impressions below the jump…
i’m not a sound bite
i am very positive that there will certainly be a next one so start thinking about what you would like to share with us. i will keep you all updated.
the other things they discovered during my exam is that i have excellent hearing for someone my age (which is a minor miracle considering how i've totally abused my ears with the rock and roll for many years) and that i have a "nodule" on my thyroid (probably nothing) that i'm having ultrasounded on friday morning.
once the temple that was jesus was destroyed it was rebuilt. first it was seen as jesus’ resurrected body but after that a new temple was built; god’s glory dwelt throughout whole world through the holy spirit living in those who believed in jesus. jesus had promised on the night before he died that anyone who loved him would obey him and as a result god and jesus would dwell in them. god’s temple is now the church the church being the people not the building however beautiful that building might be.
counting comments from the top # on the last entry was the winner
 star anise
you all did a marvellous job
about ten years ago i spoke on a panel at the texas book festival. during a q&a session someone asked a question which resulted in an answer wherein i revealed a desire to write.
ten is an exceptional movie its formal rigor and simplicity providing a perfect framework for kiarostami's probing study of the lives of iranian women. these layered rewarding dialogues subtly deal with issues of religion domesticity relationships between men and women motherhood and sex. but though there's an obvious current of social criticism running through the film it's all couched in daily routines friendships and relationships with a deceptively casual dialogue style in which the subtext of social inquiry is deftly interwoven with warm humor and some intense emotional content.
i hope you enjoyed this tutorial. the final artwork is approx. " x ". the whole image took about hrs. to sketch ink and color with breaks for scanning and actually getting workwork done. writing the tutorials took about hrs so it is almost as difficult to teach how to do it as it is to actually color it in the first place.
preheat oven to degrees f ( degrees c).
 i have really pretty cats. they are both all black and they rule
hope you enjoy and get some great ideas
we had an excursion planned for this day. it was riding jet ski's. unfortunately there was a problem. one of the jet ski's broke down and there were only but there were of us. someone had to drop out. i looked at everyone else and it seemed no one was willing so i did. we were refunded my portion and the gentleman who runs the excursion desk on board gave us even more of a discount towards our next excursion at the next island. sooo while george was away i did some more walking around and took some pictures. it all worked out fine because george said the water was rough and i may not have enjoyed it.
as twelve years passed today hopefully many more to follow yet struggle continues... and still comradeinarms with me to share all joys and sorrow about to come...
this is the best time of the year in savannah
diminuitive too says the strength of her bones
which i'm convinced is actually ok as long as my brains are sane and when they are feeling insane i know where to go to rectify the problem.
called enhanced standards of conduct the new guidelines given to all secret service personnel make clear that standards of behavior required in the united states apply on missions abroad the sources said.
paul: what was the purpose of his call? no i would ask him what can — what can we do to improve relations? because i wouldn’t see them as likely to attack us. when i was drafted in october of ’ that was a different world. i mean there were nuclear weapons in cuba. that was a different story. but — but today to — not to talk to them and take the call and see what you can work out helps — helps castro. it hurts the people the dissidents the people who want to overthrow him have always had to be you know nationalistic and unified behind the leader.
here's a brief excerpt of a scene between frances and her mother to give you a feeling for the quality of the writing and for frances' personality. mother is getting things together for frances's sister's birthday and frances is working through her jealousy by pretending to prepare a party for an imaginary pal:
a few weeks ago i was invited along to 'the show' at the bullring shopping centre where i took my seat at the end of the catwalk situated within the mall with my sister hailey and the lovely fritha from fish tank fashion. the minifashion show showcased what the uk high street had to offer in what is now a yearly fashion event for the bullring. this particular spot is also where tv stylist and haberdashery lover (well i had to say it) gok wan likes to put on his roadshows. the show itself featured brands that were available in the shopping mecca that is the bullring. they also played with the idea of the hologram and a screen at the end of the catwalk displayed images of tiffany pisani (winner of th cycle britain's next top model) appearing alongside the live models who strutted their stuff down the runway.
the story is called "barbarian with a gun" and it is awesome. written by chuck dixon one of my favorite comic book writers and illustrated (pencils and inks) by john buscema it seemed a winwin without really even trying. but try and succeed it did. the story is typical punisher except that instead of the dirty streets of new york the action takes place in fictitious subtropical island nation known as puerto dulce. through the story frank is put to the test. he is beaten shot at and otherwise abused. but through it all he perseveres in typically stoic punisher fashion. the story also boasts some great dialogue with microchip frank's nerdy computerwhiz sidekick and a guest star from marvel's comic the 'nam iceman. the ending is a pretty cool piece of irony.
it is funny that the national alcohol of brazil cachaça is close enough to the word cacheta. right? cachaça cacheta. gin gin. rummy rum. what’s the deal? nothing goes better with cards than alcohol? or vice versa?
my stepmother came out some time after that but i couldn’t remember what she did because the popping pain lights in my eyes became too much.
check out these setbacks that walt disney had some were financial nightmares that lost him millions of dollars:
we head onto the plane and guess who was in our row oh yeah and she watched me like a hawk to make sure i was doing everything right.
is it awesome is it terrible
coins. i walked over to the pickle jar dug down into my
and there you have it. :)
stationary mobile + other form of music to lull baby to sleep or that crazy plastic cadillac of mobiles that does everything but change baby's diaper (because then it would be a done deal).
who would benefit: the obvious audience is teens whose friends are asking about god. the book is also written for readers who may have doubts of their own. you don’t need to be % sure about all things theological before you start reading.
lilah has lived in sunshine all her life and though brady is just passing through he has her abandoning her instincts and giving in to a primal desire. it's brady's nature to resist being tied down but there's something about lilah and her menagerie – both animal and human – that keeps him coming back for more...
condominium sales followed the same trend with the average list price at which condominiums sold at for the year to september reaching us$ versus us$ for the same period in .
not to mention i’m going to have to create a whole separate excel spreadsheet so i can track earnout. on this royalty statement the advance paid isn’t listed. so it’s going to be up to the agency to track it so we know when the title has earned out because that info isn’t on the statement.
john was already trying to worm his way off of the
it is a % rapidaction solution for arthritis based on advanced deep penetration (transdermal) technology.
jenro tried to look back at his cousin but he couldn’t.
wednesday february th
items that were put out for the bulky trash pick up that is scheduled for this weekend. so just what is this bulky trash pick up you ask? what it is is pure delight. everyone in sorrento gets to dispose of items they no longer want and are too bulky for a normal trash pick up. most of the items kicked to the curb never actually get picked up by the garbage truck. it becomes more of a neighborhood swap and anyone is welcome to anything they can find in each other's bulky trash. the good stuff goes fast. like this painting we spotted tonight. it's not quite finished though but i was instantly drawn to it and immediately recognized the spot in sorrento where it was painted.
that's just part of the current stranded lifestyle that's between two rivers. with any luck we might be seeing a change soon. but not after another network upgrade and a major vendor application upgrade the weekend of the th. that one involves the traditional + hour stretch of work that i'm looking forward to experience again.
speakers will include:
i just got out of the nut house today. i went in july th. on july th (the day my sister died yrs ago) i took clonazepam ambien about percocets. i passed out before i finished the suicide note. the next morning my parents woke and i woke up just natuarlly. fuck i have a high tolerance. since i used my dad's pills to try and kill myself i had to admit that i attempted suicide. i felt fine though so i refused to go to the hospital. then my mom goes and calls the police.
a point that may have slid past some of my jewish readers is that jesus did a very good job of rooting his teachings in the torah. he quoted it repeatedly and insisted that he did not question it. he was a good israelite of his times and his adaptation of the traditional teachings provided a good foundation for what later became known as christianity to be likewise rooted. which is why the hebrew scriptures are an important part of christianity to this day.
“bankers own the earth; take it away from them but leave them with the power to create credit; and with a flick of a pen they will create enough money to buy it back again… if you want to be slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery then let the bankers control money and control credit.” – sir josiah stamp director bank of england .
transaction bindingexplicit unbind;
up today i’m taking one more rest day before returning to the world of the workout hunkering down in my cube for a day full of meetings and spreadsheets and then having dinner with my pals.
at westchester country club par 
we no longer have chickens because they have all been eaten by predatory animals. now that spring is here we are going to get some more chickens.
interior design
and the darkness covers our faces
“who are you?” she demanded. i flipped on my tape recorder.
just seeing this made me tear up a little inside. even at its worst i enjoyed this series and was sad to see it go. that said i wish i had a superhuge version on this image – this is the only time most of these characters have been in colour since the first anime made up an ending too early and thus missed the meat of the story the second season was completely made up and only showed a relatively small portion of the cast the oads barely did anything to add to it aside from actually animating some of the mundus magicus arc and showing the end of the mahora festival arc and the movie cut corners and only showed stills for most of the mundus magicus arc’s ending that it showed before going to original material. i wish it had gotten a full anime but i digress.
i keep all my little embellishments like brads & eyelets even my fibers and ribbons in little ziploc bags (the ones you find by the jewelry making section at walmart) and they are on my own version of a clip it up in my scraproom but if im going to a crop i just grab some book rings and load each one up with ribbons fibers etc.
.. algeria boumerdes a fedayeen suicide bomber kills two local soldiers and injures dozens more.
 peter : but you are a chosen race a royal priesthood a holy nation a people for his possession so that you may proclaim the praises of the one who called you out of darkness into his marvelous light.
this is a holy week on both the jewish and christian calendars. and that makes it a good time to reflect on the lamb of god who if we will receive him makes us acceptable to god. jesus (y'shua) claimed to be the onceandfor all passover sacrifice who not only died but rose from the dead happy pesach and happy resurrection too
if god is not willing that any should perish who is? john : states that in christ was life; “and the life was the light of men.” who is the god of death? john :answers this. to the unbelievers christ said “ye are of your father the devil and the lusts of your father ye will do. he was a murderer from the beginning.”
once again the event was free to enter i don't know quite how canterbury council manages this especially as they provide a generous show bag and icy cold drinks after the run. but all power to them it's such a good way to encourage people to take part enjoy some running and discover what the cooks river parklands have to offer.
"they take a drum kit and break it up among the three of them and then they set up along the front of the stage. so whoever is playing bass (james and james alternate between bass and guitar) is also stepping on a kick drum…and whoever is playing guitar is also stepping on the high hat (and sometimes playing harmonica simultaneously). heather in the middle switches between melodica keys glockenspiel and snare drum often playing several at a time. and even with all this going on their harmonies are astounding."
all that we owe is redeemed in truly loving god *
back home in new york now with a black and white milkshake from the diner and the baby happily playing with some choking hazard or another next to me things are already inordinately better. and other things have become inordinately clearer.
i've been wanting to read this one for a while ever since i first saw the cover. (yes i confess: book covers go a long way in catching my attention). this is a great summer read and would be a wonderful choice for crashing on the beach or in the backyard. i read it during february a very cold part of february however and it was like escaping winter for a mini summer vacation.
gracias
bottom layer: refried beans (i used the dehydrated kind to which you add water. love them)
"this south african genus is named mandelia to honour nelson mandela who led the struggle for a multiracial government in south africa. the specific name is derived from the latin mirus (odd) and cornus (horn) in reference to the peculiar shape of the rhinophores of this species."
now as the feller kev always says it's back to the mill.
an example;
and i was laughing and wishing i had a tape recorder. the more i tried to understand and take him seriously the more i giggled. because i am . the more i giggled the more frustrated he became.
about minutes after the collision she developed a list to port and was distinctly down by the head.
and then i got to thinking.... have i ever written down everywhere i worked other than in a resume? i don't think i have....... so just for the journaling sake of this blog i thought i'd give it a whirl. and who knows maybe someone out there in blog land will think i'm cool too. ;d (one can only hope).
i think this is kind of selfexplanatory… but i guess i’ll break it down anyway. every guy friend i know has told me that if a guy is interested in a woman he won’t be able to let a week go by without contacting her in some kind of way. he’s going to want to hear her voice. he’s going to want to see her name come up on his phone screen or his email. and it doesn’t matter how busy he is either if he likes you he’ll make the time. so think about if he’s making the time more and more? that’s a pretty good sign that his interest is increasing.
mrs. obama is today expected to unveil a new food access commitment involving farmers markets and local sourcing from the walgreens corporation when she speaks at : pm at a walgreens store located at east th street in chicago. the store is one of the prototype food desert revamps and now offers healthy foods alongside its pharmaceuticals cosmetics and paper products.
even more telling is a comment from nurettin veren gulen’s right hand man for years who said: “these schools are like shop windows. recruitment and islamization are carried out through night classes.
the ivors also honour individuals with awards recognising their contribution to british music. these awards are in the gift of basca approved by the ivors committee.
nd is set out to win more votes than any other party with between per cent of greeks planning to vote for it. many expect nd leader antonis samaras to become greece’s next prime minister.
i would do this but i am not weird. i am nice normal and nice normal people don't have passion."
suitcase: failed experiments and trashed aircraft: 
the then my own favorite and still so close to my heart.
spring colours
and asked him to write more clearly
i eventually got onto the prairie path to head northwest up to wayne. at army trail rd i turned around to head back to my car in west chicago. about two miles away from my car it started to rain steadily. i sped up to try to get back to the car as quickly as i could. i was worried the crushed stone trail would become waterlogged soft and muddy. by the time i got to the car my shorts were wet my shirt’s sleeves were wet my gloves were totally soaked and my bike was pretty dirty. the brakes did work perfectly though. either the rim didn’t get wet or the brake pads were able to maintain some grip. it had been at least years since i last rode in the rain so i was worried about how the brakes would behave when wet.
photo credits: universal pictures
we were at the world for the princess halfmarathon (i did say it was a fairly recent weekend didn’t i?) and we next met several friends for our prerace dinner at the turf club.
today i will speak on one of my beginnings. some paths have since diverged but i still have transferable gifts from those paths that i can use just about anywhere. let me get to it or this post will end up being very long.
remixed version definitely sounds better than original (rare)..
marrying colours with constellations: constellations have a mystic feel to them. they are intriguing drawings in the night sky and are believed to affect our moods and functions in ways unknown to mankind.
legaleaglemhm’s blog does what it says on the tin…. “recording history as it happens – a paradigm shift in communications a new world of law – help me to document it.”
place the mat on piece of coordinating felt and cut around it.
madison is instantly drawn to the handsome and intriguing isaac addington. she quickly realizes he’s a guy harboring a secret but she’s willing to risk the unknown to be with him.
the editor offered a contract within days. and she said nice things calling it "stellar writing" and how much she loved the characters and the high adventure. you know. the stuff that makes an author feel all warm and fuzzy.
it has been ages since i have had time to post ... family time and work always seem to interfere with "my time" but isn't that just the way. while i wish for alone time now i know that someday my house will be quiet with the memories of giggling kids and i will beg them to stay longer when they visit or talk more when the call. this i know because it is how my mother feels now. but enough about lack for time ...
he said this as if his other threats of beating had lacked substance. she doubted that but was concerned only with this threat.
i'd like to show you. this my library friends is how the pros make over their homes
in the next days we expect our legislators to make the crucial decisions on this series of proposals and we all need to be vigilant to preserve the key points.
as it leans on the breast of night to rest
i want you and i want your friend
did anyone notice anything?
i've not been very nice. actually i feel kind of rotten and i'm too embarrassed and tired to talk about it. :but i think i see things a little clearer now. in the meantime phil tagged me here. the twist is i get to tag other people with new questions.
when we look back at what made certain cities thrive in different phases of modern history are we wrong to cite artistic movements and architectural schools – when we should be crediting their planning departments?
not sure exactly why
wondering if
to radiate love through authenticity healing and joy.
yeast press 'this is not being used meantime and until beers are all right i have advised its disuse. when things are going well and probably about the month of november when the cold weather is with us i think it would then be very advisable to have it started up as it means a big saving of duty free beer the beer contained in yeast being equal to to % and duty free at that means a large saving per annum if properly pressed at the right time.'"
well i am for in planned runs this week vs completed. been a long time since i have been able to say that
ina may gaskin: i agree with your take on how the prochoice movement carried on in a way that allowed a backlash to develop and i have to say that i saw that coming. when it comes to midwives though i think our problems in understanding what has destroyed or weakened women’s confidence in their ability to give birth go much deeper than the prochoice movement’s lack of acknowledgement that some women regret abortions they’ve had.
founded in at the toronto traditional mass society we now have a new name and a new mission. una voce toronto will focus on educaiton of the catholic laity in the extraordinary form of the roman rite and the promotion of the usus antiquior (ancient use) throughout the archdiocese of toronto and its suffragan dioceses. support for priests desiring to celebrate or learn to celebrate the venerable roman rite is our greatest priority. while the longterm objective will always remain the development of a "personal parish" as was attempted with the forrmer toronto apostolate of the priestly fraternity of st. peter this fact will occur in god's own time and at the discretion of our metropolitian archbishop thomas christopher collins. our job is to grow our membership educate promote guide train and serve the church as catholic laymen and laywoman towards this goal.
our reading last week was to each its own meaning a collection of essays each describing a different kind of biblicaltext criticism. some of it – source historical form – is basic stuff parsing out the text to determine how many authors there are when it was written what commonalities it shares with other texts within the bible (or outside of it) etc.
.the teardrop explodes reward
rating: 
. door peeper
the second time i saw her she was sprawled across two seats wide legged and looking bewildered at a girl in her yoga clothes laughing at herself with her bottle of wine in a paper bag.
all you say is “just wait it’s coming we will get you soon.” if you had any power and could do anything to keep me quiet you would have done so already or now.
穿越高深的墙
this is what i saw:
hillary clinton has a completely different look in the picture but tells a lot as well. her hand to the mouth has been assumed by many to be a gasp when in fact she says that she was simply covering a yawn. either way i think her placement and stature in the picture shows that she's one of the main players. where the president's role is unquestioned and therefore he needs no show cabinet members have specific roles that seem to overlap in situations such as these and therefore it can create tricky situations as to whose in charge and whose responsible for what. but as we see here hillary clinton is sitting next to the secretary of defense in a prominent position of both power and decisionmaking. she's not as dressed down as the other people in the room and looks like she's either wearing what she's been wearing all day or she dressed back up for what she knew would be an important occasion. she could very well be the president in this situation with obama as a cabinet member had history been just a little different (although i assume he would have dressed up a little more).
i was quite shocked by this narration.
german irises these are just about the most glorious of all the irises.
fri pm: really? wasn’t the scene at rosa bonheur better last year? what happened?
well there's the ugly of my project and i actually have some more ugly to show but let you have a reprieve and show you more inspiration pictures that i have pinned for this project.
when i was an angstridden teen id write letters to myself and to my parents. when i first fell in love i spilled everything onto paper and when i fell out of love i spilled again. i’ve written hate letters and love letters and poems and short stories and have two of those wonderful little things we called the ‘unfinished novel’. but i’ve never gone “hey i’m a writer”. ah kaye but why? i don’t write for a profession in fact i’m supposed to be a designer and as a passion i am nowhere near as prolific as some passionate writers. as a rule i generally cant write more than words… ever unless its an essay for uni and then well im just the queen of bullshitting to get to my word count. but i still get really good marks. see? weird…. and now if i include inspiration unplugged i have a daily planner three blogs two twitter accounts two facebook accounts a really cute journal and a university degree to get through. there’s no escaping the truth of the matter – i’m a wr…. wrrrrr… wrrriii
 tsp. garlic powder
i didn't write a long thanksgiving post about all the blessings in my life. there are many. so many. too many for me to count or even think about all the time. but there is one thing that has stuck out to me over the past week. and that is how lucky abby and elizabeth are to have kyle as a dad. he's a great dad.
so who does that leave? just three whose views we (or at least i) do not already know but may be able to guess: dame denise platt member of the committee on standards in public life; celia grandisonmarkey management consultant for health and social care in the public sector; and the revd canon dr james woodward anglican priest and canon of st george’s chapel windsor.
we’ve heard about the righteous man now let’s analyze the wicked. obviously none of the above apply to the wicked. the wicked is compared to chaff. chaff is worthless matter separated from the wheat during threshing. a winnowing fork is used to tossup both the wheat and the chaff. the wheat having substance falls back down. but the chaff’s weight makes it very easy for the wind to blow it away. the chaff is then gathered and used to fuel the furnaces as was custom in the culture of bible times. luke : explains ”"his winnowing fork is in his hand to thoroughly clear his threshing floor and to gather the wheat into his barn; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.”" as the chaff can not stand with wheat neither can the sinner stand with the righteous.
valkyrie's vengeance by suzie grant
first thing i usually do when i get home from work every day is change into something comfortable. so thursday evening was no different. when i got home i headed straight for my bedroom to change my clothes. as i was taking off my necklace i noticed that my little decorative bowl that i keep change in looked like it was missing a lot of change. instantly i accused my friend because he is always teasing me for saving pennies (along with everything else) as his change jar only contains silver coins. he keeps telling me that he is going to take my nickels dimes and quarters and leave me just the pennies. although i thought it was odd that if he was going to take my silver coins why would he leave some and only take a few. but who else was there to accuse?
start learning.
money doesn’t destroy the value of the vote; money affirms the value of the vote.
the u.s. geological survey says the . quake was centered miles from michoacan’s capital morelia. an earlier . quake struck miles off the coast of cabo san lucas in the state of baja california sur. neither state reported serious damage or injuries.
the name of jesus is a fortress
i love the acting and the storylines and the sheer fucking hotness that is kristen bell. i despise the characters and everything they stand for. there is a special place in hell reserved for corporate management consultants. and that's what this show is all about. having had some ahem experience with these motherfuckers i can guarantee that is true.
as promised (times) before 
christianity today: “imagine ani difranco doing worship backed alternately by the ambient hammock and middle eastern and african instrumentalists.” read more…
day when asgoth would come crashing down by the hands of the light.
i now wish the entire front was filled with these lovelies but alas they are slow starting for me.
elsie and i had a great time of seeing what we wanted to see at a pace that wasn’t too fast or too slow. i know there are going to be questions from haiti people and nonhaiti people alike about the trip so consider this my version of how to do it.
me: "i want to come out and help you. don't over do it. i don't want you to hurt yourself. maybe i could just come out and clear the porch and the stairs..."
this is a dilemma because we have a lovely house we've started building a life together and j will still need to be based in portarlington.
currently listening to: reinventing yourself by steve chandler
while cooking macaroni and cheese
and hit my boyfriend's car on the passenger side
close your eyes and imagine the floor beneath your feet—cool hardwood maybe. or softly warm and carpeted. sit down and lift your feet up off of it and imagine you can never put them down on it again. ever. see how quickly the feeling of the floor fades? see how much you want to feel it again? how lost you feel with no place to put your feet?
romance may dip a tiny bit into the dark side of life just for dramatic contrast but the fundamental assumption of the nature of reality behind the romance is the existence of the hea that it's real permanent attainable and a final ending. you get to win.
the lifecycle graph is really just another “at a glance” view of the product portfolio situation and context. in figure the majority of the business units revenues are derived from product lines that are in decline in terms of product life cycle. (we are assuming a common product lifecycle curve in this example.) % of the products lines revenues are based on mature product lines while % of revenues are based on product lines in growth phases. obviously in the out years this business unit will have issues maintaining profitable revenue growth – or it already may be a reality. one caveat here: this is not an absolute analysis (i.e. its both qualitative and quantitive) and there are the grey areas between product maturity and decline for example. use this framework as a guide in your overall analysis and context setting.
see you in 
two thirds of guns where mexican authorities seek to match serial numbers to us records turn out to have come from the united states reports the texas tribune news punctuated by a recent arrest of a us trucker smuggling rounds of ammunition southward. my friend alice tripp from the texas state rifle association correctly points out that that doesn't mean that of guns used by mexican cartels were illegally smuggled from the us. but i don't discount the number as much as she because the two other major sources of cartel weaponry also involve guns originally made in the united states: most prominently the united states spent decades funneling weapons to fight proxy wars against marxists and nationalists throughout central america right up until the cold war ended. less well publicized defectors from the mexican military and police often take weaponry with them when they go which was often purchased from us manufacturers secured through us aid programs etc.. so even the weapons that weren't illegally smuggled into mexico often ultimately originally came from the united states often by perfectly legal even usgovernment sponsored means. gun smuggling southward is a real thing and a serious concern but even if the flow of smuggled us guns stopped tomorrow there are plenty of other sources to ensure that won't be the pivotal element that stops the killing.
in fact the authors found that energy drinks caused twice as much damage to teeth as sports drinks.
kasztner was a wealthy and prominent member of the hungarian jewish community. the fate of the hungarian jews is particularly tragic as over % of them died … all in the last year of the war. hungary didn’t come under nazi control until the summer of . elie wiesel was among this group. many holocaust survivors still around were from this group (simply because overall survival rates were a lot better if you were in the nazi system for a year rather than six like the polish jews). in fact the majority of chassidic “courts” that are large players in contemporary judaism (like the satmars) are hungarian. anyway this is tangential.
glenfiddich age of discovery madeira cask finish is a year old single malt whisky. it was matured in new and refill oak casks then reracked into casks that were used for maturing madeira a sweet fortified wine.
he cooked the horse beef and i ate some objectively agreeing it was good but my mind screamed nooooo and i felt sick and why am i like this? i´m killing earth yes you can blame me rational people will eat rats and cockroaches.
back in the s your goal (mainly women) was to get as brown as your skin would permit. sun block or sun screen was basically nonexistant. you wanted to amplify your rays spf numbers hovered around and . women typically lathered on crisco and baby oil to get that deep baked look.
clint eastwoodohn malkovich (in the line of fire)
but today i'll just post it here.
or more accurately a day of gluttony.
aha the sun always shines on tv n
“amen amen i say to you
target necklace
designed to fill a gap in the market and the demand for traditional methods rather than highly processed flooding the city centre. these units will focus on core products of french sticks multigrain loaves rye breads sourdoughs rolls & bagels but can develop into patisserie & gluten free options.
i was
alternative universes may be separated from ours by a miniscule spacial distance although in one of a possible seven other dimensions than the three we are used to as a result of quantum splits.
the truth is her arrival in canada is illustrative of the problem of the system. we are bringing in too many immigrants than the economy needs. the jobs are not there at least not the good ones. she should not have been allowed entry and permanent residency but her being her does provide work and government funding for the like of metropolis bc and s.u.c.c.e.s.s. and that is what this is really all about not the over all benefit of the country.
“are you making fun of me kotik?”
so for now i'm figuring i'll do one thing at a time and hope i really can fit it all in. i think my biggest downfall is going to be constantly watching the clock in fear of the day actually ending.
what grandparent (or parent) does not have photos of kids on the fridge? why not organize them in this magnet tile design. it’s another great way to showcase all the important people in mom’s life. start your own portrait set on pinhole press.
scouting the area around the pond and clearing finally reveals the spider’s lair. the trinkets found amidst the charnel of its past victims are poor consolation for the final discovery: the body of elise. callimachi sets about collecting stones for a cairn for the spider’s past victims while the others assess the beast’s horde.
i buy groceries at walmart
“i was in a state of shock. i’d been told i would be allowed to compete regardless of the injury but i guess when the doctor’s report came back it was a different story. it doesn’t matter. this is a road i’ve been down before. but i would have competed hurt – i’ve done that before too.”
(this first one is the actual song that came on. haha oh celine you know i needed a corny song like this to get going)
yet i liked him. here's the catch: he asked me out up front for wednesday lunch and friday night if i liked him after the lunch. i agreed. we had the lunch. i was attracted to him. basically all we talked about was his contracting work (sadly i know far too much about the renovation business). it went well. then nothing. no response when i followed up to ask if we're on for friday.
in other writing news my daughter has surpassed the word mark on her novel. i am in awe.
got that? the anecdote was "useful" and apparently he believes that it would be dishonest to actually tell the truth.
centennial cascade hops
attorney evolutionist: goo i appreciate all the true testimony you have presented to this court of creationists. now moving right along will you please tell the court what languages you speak?
mohamed khaled said public and private ipts which earned an excellent rating would be entitled to local and foreign government sponsored students besides government research grants.
it’s been a bumper crop year for morels in minnesota according to my brotherinlaw who has been hunting for this savory spring treat since he was a kid growing up in southwestern iowa. he remembers piling into the family car afer church on hot humid mornings and heading to the wooded hills west of defiance to search for morels.
# once village utilities are in place camps may want to look further for ways to severe more links to the outside world. learning from experts on etc to become fully prepared to move from wall street to wild street.
when billy peltzer is given a small creature called a mogwai by his father he is unaware of the carnage he is about to encounter. there is a huge responsibility in looking after gizmo as there are certain rules which must be followed. the mogwai must be kept away from bright light never made wet and never ever be fed after midnight. when an accident occurs involving gizmo and water the next evolution stage of the mogwai appears and it isn’t nice at all.
name a book that made you cry (or came close to getting you there).
one of the best ways to watch a film is to know absolutely nothing about it. whether it was the trailer or publicity tidbits i avoided anything to do with kahaani like the plague. not because i dislike vidya or have anything against the film itself – in fact it was the opposite; i was so eager to see kahaani and enjoy it without any unrealistic expectation that i imposed a media blackout on the film. as well as being vidya’s next offering after the dirty picture it was also the next film i was seeing after paan singh tomar (which is my favourite film of so far) therefore any unnecessary hype would certainly rain on my parade.
a light to medium coverage siliconebased oilfree liquid foundation containing a weightless formula that creates a naked feel to the skin good coverage and a natural flawless finish.
then he did something that made my heart drop. sitting at mom's outdoor patio table in the little yellow chairs with the cute cushions surrounded by perfectly pruned rose bushes and plants he raised to the side grinned his evil little grin and ripped the loudest and most inappropriate fart ever.
beef stew
 i say: – john slattery is the greatest.
stories of how this girl is a bully this boy keeps picking on this girl until she cries and this kid said this swear word.
. a lefthanded person finds it easier to open a jar than a righthanded person because they can supply a stronger anticlockwise turning force than a righthanded person. however a righthanded person will find it easier to tighten the jar up afterwards.
a pillow from home made an excellent table for me as we travelled along. i had the gps the itinerary and the map as well as my knitting. hanno did most of the driving.
“you need to come upstairs” said chris. “c’mon.” chris led the way.
just to make my reasoning clear to my readers the government can fund but will not force anyone to abort but it can stop funding for health care the unemployed food for the needy education affordable housing thus forcing a less christian world on the disadvantaged in general.
‘i’ve cried so hard for those kids for their poor families. and it’s going to happen here too it’s happening already look at the exponentially rising cancer statistics. wait until we start getting babies born in berkshire with their intestines on the outside.
melt me. mold me. fill me. use me.
competition rules and details:
starting with ash wednesday and ending with easter our church does a wednesday service. the services are geared for us to focus on the sacrifice christ made for us. i love these services. they have helped me come to appreciate easter even more.
passionate about beer he certainly was at the time probably seen as "doll" (but never dull). in the end his beer knowledge was unrivaled.
chicken breastteakornado’s etc with sauted broccoli and carrots or a stir fry of mainly veg and chicken. i do cook up some carbs (rice pasta etc) for the rest of the family and if i do decide to have some i have very little.
it’s possible that the voice is authentic because i work with children all the time but like i said earlier i think i just sort of have that voice inside me. maybe it’s because those years were so intense both in an exciting and traumatic way. as far as my own children go my eldest son has read everything i’ve written as i’ve gone along and he gives me amazing feedback (not always complimentary) but i do trust his judgment.
proteins are sometimes described as long necklaces with differently shaped beads. each bead is a small amino acid. these amino acids can join together to make thousands of different proteins. scientists have found many different amino acids in protein but of them are very important to human health.
“you are beautiful you are beautiful you are beauuutifull” she repeated this ten times and looked at my friend intently. my little pelitos (this means little hairs in spanish) stood up on my arms.
we aren't home enough.
my target is stone so i’d like to be closer to my target before we do fly out.
there is my story a weather geek who uses a paper calendar and a wired computer. please don't think any less of me it is beyond my control.
warm grey t cool greys t and t
“just life. new school. new friends.”
“if this really is a war for oil than why don’t you get out of the way and let us drill for our own oil. if it’s really about war for oil than no one has more blood on his hands than you.”
we’re getting really close to the end now..only two more weeks left before our final exam we learned a little last week and mostly today about volume and surface areas for different shapes. we have quite a few equations that we have to memorize for our gateway on wednesday. i know a lot of them but i need to practice them a lot to make sure that i have them down for the volumeurface area gateway. i will definitely need to do the practice gateway a few times before then.
what is your name? alyssa quintana
i will aim to continue to post on this topic but don’t expect me to reach the level of the expert professors above…
“just because i said ‘i’m a fish’ does that make me a fish?” i asked. they all shook their heads no. “so” i continued “the same applies to you cleaning your rooms. just because you say ‘i will’ or ‘okay’ doesn’t mean you’ll do it”. at this point they looked intrigued. “so don’t tell me anymore that you will or agree with me the fact you need to do it. simply clean your room show me you’re serious”.
on the horizon.
ballet dance of death
i have been thinking about doing the project. in case you don't know what it is....
and for every new followers – ildz is adding extra bits to her candy
it was indeed a sight to behold i could see turtles and manta rays swimming in the crystal clear waters below me because i was looking down from that great height. it was more than impressive and well worth taking that vision into your eyes. it was spectacular.
the story of our recent house sellinguying was a real true miracle. for months and months i thought about it everyday. how grateful i was that everything happened the way it did. we were so blessed.
not sure why but i never got to paint all the weapon options… which was just stupid. with a possible two upcoming tourneys and even though i have a painted metal juggernaut i decided it was finally time to paint his plastic kit open hand. and of course i sat and also painted de marauder’s pistons and the decimator’s gun.
a few years ago i was a summer intern for a literary agency in london. in the midst of reading the slush pile and going to the post office i had the good fortune to meet a few of the agency's authors. one of them was the brilliant inspiring and kind hisham matar. his debut novel in the country of men was shortlisted for the booker prize in and it was in the process of being translated into languages. hisham said some lovely things about my own writing (i had written a manuscript report for an author friend of his) invited me to lunch along with the agents at his new writing studio and even got me a book for my birthday (what is britishness? in case you were wondering).
eating marzipan from a cake decorating block (and i've run out)
the lord lives
each column represents each product line and has the following information: first we compare the market cagr growth decline both from an industry analysts and internal point of view. industry analysts estimates at times can be too aggressive or conservative in terms of market growth or decline so its important to compare these estimates to your own internal growth or decline percentages. this is important information for when we start building the product lifecycle graph as we will need to place the product line in a growth maturity or decline phase. next we look at the product line’s market share and % of revenue.
test your abilities by taking on the trieagle challenge during summerterm a or b. in order to complete the challenge participants must cycle miles walk or run . miles and swim yards. complete the challenge and win a prize.
hopefully the strangest thing to happen this week is that nc state beats a # seed in basketball.
i’ve written by this ocean i’ve studied – i’ve crammed for exams – near this ocean. i’ve put interviews together brainstormed ideas daydreamed about the future edited pieces made life changes sitting by this ocean. and today i say goodbye to it. goodbye to what it taught me. goodbye to the patience it brought me on hectic days days i was running on very little sleep. goodbye to the entertainment it gave me between classes. goodbye to the creativity it inspired while i sat watching. watching the waves watching the sailboats watching the kayaks. some days i was alone others there were other singles sitting near doing the same thing. studying lunching working daydreaming. this is the ocean that comforts me. this is the ocean that makes me feel home after i was gone for so long from this campus. this is the ocean i’ll always remember.
if you can't see where i'm going with this i'll just get to it; it's a tale surprisingly familiar to a few secrets and rumors i've heard about the lolita community. you see lolita such a different and unique fashion and want in. good intentions and a decent coordinate and you're sure to make friends until you post online and suddenly it's 'fatty learn to coordinate no brand ita bad hair learn to photoshop etc. etc.' eep so you step up buy the brand do the makeup start a daily blog even then the compliments start coming in and you're not being gossiped about; excellent but hey...look at that newb don't they know lolita is no place for guys? and they're too poor for brand? whatever you saved up so can they best tell others so this person gets the message...
this compares to the following snp first preference vote in which saw a councillor apiece elected in every ward (and two in baillieston)...
the momentary silence suggests that the three lads positively approve of the latter idea.
highpitch
. we dipped ″ of lauren’s ponytail into the lightest pink and squeezed it out over the sink.
we want to increase and improve the genetic quality of the human race by purging the garbage from the system.
conway – tony mcquay this year’s national champion.
iweala the minister of finance in nigeria speaks with authority & certainty. with no visual aids nothing distracted from her powerful story of an africa many believe cannot exist. an africa where the tolerance for corruption & government mismanagement is coming to an end. an africa that is a viable market for international investors & private enterprise. (view speech here) she was unflappable. her strength concealed how fragile the vision is... whisper a breath on it & it dissolves.
here's a shot of our family doing one of our favorite activities (a little sarcasm here but not completely sarcastic)... birding mom and i saw a flock of pink birds over this bay a few days ago so we tracked them down and drove as close as we could (almost into the water) to get a good look at them.
this is probably the most common of the reasons i have heard. everyone around christmas time seems to be saying “i want this i want that” this is one which worries me sometimes as well. it is so easy to get pulled into the temptation of just wanting a lot of nice stuff. but that is selfish and arrogant. on this account i think everyone needs to step back and look at their lives. has christmas become about getting a lot of nice stuff to you? if it has it might be time for some radical changes. but is what i don’t think you should do is go around anouncing your asceticism to the rest of the world and looking down on those who do not participate.
reality: this is a potentially deeply flawed lineup. carlos pena is in decline jose molina could be a black hole at catcher and luke scott is luke scott. yes desmond jennings is a star in waiting but he has yet to play an entire season. and the matt joyceen zobrist combo equals one allstar player but that’s not enough.
* and to add insult to injury the willows and crabapples are turning green chokeberry and serviceberry are breaking bud the elm is blooming and i think i saw a cicada the size of a football eating a junco (it was far away so maybe not the case). fall right on into summer this year. :(
manuela thought to herself and smiled.
as well as a random winner being chosen each challenge one lucky player who has used a whimsy stamps image (rubber or digital) will have the opportunity to be a guest designer for a future challenge. the guest designer will be able to choose a digi stamp of their choice from the store to create their guest card too does that sound good?
 shape into a large cirle and cover agian
lw a lease with a boyfriend is easier to break than an engagement. just sack up and move in with him. think of it as an “all systems go” check before the plane takes off.
it was an inspiration and a joy to watch her child like enthusiasm. she had always dreamed of traveling around the globe.
blum's performance is so convincing and detailed that on its outing last year at the melbourne fringe one reviewer seemed to take it straight criticising blum for his bumbling around on stage. "awkward why yes it was i smiled out of tact and ended up looking at the floor to avoid feeling bad every time a bead of sweat slid down blum’s glistening forehead." a backhanded compliment if ever there was one. awkward it is: not because the acting is bad but because it's so uncompromisingly good. and it's deeply sharply funny. not for everyone and it comes with a strict r+ rating: but for those who like edge on their comedy a must see. ends on sunday.
in the casting of successful resolutions
he was being filmed too so of course i had to ask what was going on. apparently the driving standards agency are making a new video highlighting road safety which will be available on youtube by the end of the month.
sometimes i feel like between my position in the alliance and my position as a transgender man preop i am always asking for something of others. that does not really make me feel good all the time. for the alliance i am in the sense of do this for the community’s well being. but from my own personal sense i am thinking they have their own problems issues and things they need to do it is not fair of me to ask them to buy something from me so that i can get surgery yet i do not hold this towards other people such as this young ftm selling the bracelets.
and then i happened to check the calender today on disney's site...they changed things around on me.
why i'm interested:
“they (the terrorists) don’t think of their parents? their relatives and all those left behind?” usman said his voice rising exasperated at the thought of how the parents must feel to lose their children thus at least some parents if not most.
how dare these people or this journalist talk about ‘edl thugs’ when at this al quds demo hamas hezbollah muslim brotherhood and even alqaeda supporters along with violent and totalitarian trotskyists and communists will be mouthing off in their usual hyperhypocritical manner?
colm o ciosoig : drums
march th:
ride the sky
nbc are investigating an edited clip of the call made by george zimmerman.
her get yet i bet.
i congratulated myself on being well out of it. after all i was a working mother most unusually in the world of expat wives. i had enough on my plate with my exceptionally cool job in the glamorous world of international photojournalism. or so i told myself…and anyone who asked why i wasn’t in a book club.
but most importantly remember what those bastards did to us:
in actual fact the twang of spiced bramley's and the deep red hue make this a viable alternative to a christmas pudding or a formidable rival for a freshly baked blackberry and apple pie.
i was going to photoshop the outlet out of the picture but i wanted you to see how large the vinyl design is. :) i love how versatile the ecal software is i thought you might want to try out this design so i've added the svg file to the freebies section of my website. feel free to download for free here.
i'm not sure what my favorite tour story is. we were pulled over by the police for something my friend did at a subway so we convinced the cop we were a christian band and that they'd got the wrong van. eventually they realized we weren't telling the truth and put my friend in handcuffs and we were band from a random subway in i think new mexico.
i’m just sayin’ y’know we have the option were.
indie gay & lesbian
ok now you might be wondering why i thought this was challenging dough. it was warm and humid down here when i baked and whenever i had the dough out of the freezer for more than a minute it got gummy and completely unable to handle. if i used virtually frozen dough it handled beautifully. when i do these next year i've made a note to myself to divide the dough into thirds for easier handling and work straight from the freezer rotating the pans. rerolling is no problem because you are rolling between parchment sheets and not adding flour over and over which is problematic when rerolling sugar cookies. i used every last bit of dough
mike collett football editor for news service reuters wrote on his blog yesterday that he was threatened by two policemen who demanded bribes in foreign currency.
 if you had to show off the members’ peculiarity?
i use it to make hardboiled eggs i think it's pretty genius of me hehe
pb: see machiavelli understood that a leader had to appear virtuous despite his true nature. it’s funny you should mention machiavelli as i was just musing to myself that you must have never read him. you’re not going to be elected because you’re a master of machiavelli’s teachings. you’ll get elected because of the structure of the election and the large voting block you control.
grandma died three days later. i wrote her eulogy.
i'm sure some of you are wondering where all the "extra" spices went? like the stuff that i couldn't squeeze into the jar? well i put the leftovers in some little craft bags i got at yes the dollar store and used some old stock kitchen labels i had for them. they are in one of my handy white dollorama bins.
i’m glad i read “the book of cain” and can thus understand what i’m seeing in this trailer and properly nerdgasm over it:
*this dressing made enough for individual salads.
i've tried a variety of palettes and my favorite is the grey disposable palette i like that i can write directly on the paper with a sharpie. for a while i saved those palettes because there were important notes i liked to reference. well that soon became a pile of papers that was difficult to flip through and i eventually trashed it all including my notes. i just happened to have an extra moleskine and realized that would be the most perfect place to include color studies and my notes. so two fruitful things this summer limiting individual painting time and recording my color studies and notes in a more organized manner. what did you learn this summer while painting?
and its indeed a beautiful day
top tips to keep cool indoors
carolyn who writes the blog daniel's gift sent me some photos of her son daniel and the ipad they received as one of our pair of mission recipients. carolyn timed the ipad to give it to daniel for his th birthday. she wrote a bit about it on one of her posts about the birthday itself and she shared this with us as well.
so after the minitriumph of getting him past the air france weighin at checkin (another backstory: air france sets the limit at six kilos or about pounds for carryon pets. and that’s with the carrier. i lied to the agent’s face and said milo was pounds. she asked me to put him on the scale and i nonchalantly put the carrier on the scale. either she didn’t have the heart to send him to cargo she didn’t want to deal or the scale was broken but my fat cat passed we were cleared for boarding.)
a printable recipe card is at the end of this post.
the guy has an unbelievable sense of self and humor and an insane like quality of writing.
working for zerodivide a san franciscobased nonprofit organization with a history of helping low income minority and other underserved communities leverage technology for social good i think there’s a big piece missing from the studies about the digital divide.
hermès again appealed to the board saying its chinese name enjoyed a high reputation around the world and demanding the board cancel the disputed trademark. however hermès' application was rejected for a second time may .
they have a tv in the corner that i never noticed until our retrieval. i was subjected to kids watching dora for almost an hour. there are still people struggling with infertility after having children but this annoyed the hell out of me. i don’t feel this is a place kids should be. if we had children and required more procedures i guarantee they would be left at home.
personally i can’t help wondering how much longer we can go on with these postersugsshirtstc and more particularly the spoof messages which have followed on from this one (have you seen this for example or tried the keepcalmomatic?) before we start to tire of seeing them everywhere and they fall out of fashion. at barter books where mugs cards and posters of the original “keep calm” image are still being sold customers can also purchase items carrying the two other images designed at the same time (the very start of the war much earlier than the “make do” etc): “freedom is in peril: defend it with all your might” and “your courage your cheerfulness your resolution will bring us victory”. i find it interesting that although these two were both distributed and displayed up and down the country from the start of the war in september they are not immediately recognisable to people of my generation and younger who would not have been around to witness the war and yet the “keep calm” which only a few insiders ever saw in wartime is now such a part of everyday life. my feeling is that if “keep calm” has a valid significance in modern times these two are equally significant – in addition to the fact that if anything they are even more a part of our history than “keep calm” itself – and i’d like to see more of them around as society’s interest in all things vintage grows from year to year. they may well not end up so popular though – after all they’d be a lot more difficult to alter. ”cupcakes are in peril: defend them with all your might” just sounds a bit silly
barmby moor primary pocklington
i talked to my mom. she was to put it mildly a little surprised. you are thinking about adopting? two boys? two african american boys? from the foster care system? "well you know i will be here if you decide to do it."
you will get an extra entry for the prizes by posting this on your blogs or facebook pages. please leave a comment over at prim pals that you did so we can check and give you credit.
so that’s all you have to do to enter – if you are not a signed up member of word press – well why not it doesn’t cost you anything and you can be a part of and comment on many wonderful blogs.
much boisterous courage before loneliness
i'm sorry i didn't post for so long but i had some family situations and it was impossible for me to spend an hour cropping photos writing post and writing few meaningful words.
with that under my belt i arrived at school on wednesday to discover that the olympic torch relay fundraiser that i thought was the following week wasn’t. a quick duck home to collect my gear and i was running laps of the grass playing field with primary school children. laps equalled a mile so whatever i did had to be in multiples of . it was hard enough remembering how many laps i’d done of the running track the other week without having wee voices asking “how many laps have you done mrs hollis?” running on grass is not my favouriteno matter how forgiving it is on the knees. it is a strength zapper. i wasn’t timing myself but i did miles in about minutes. the school as a whole with two other adult long lappers and some walking parents achieved a total of over miles the equivalent of marathons far surpassing their target of marathons one for every ring of the olympic emblem. their achievement can be seen on the official olympic countdown site.
scripture of the day: “if any of you lacks wisdom let him ask of god who gives to all liberally and without reproach and it will be given to him.” james :.
anything by fred vargas: she's not only a woman named fred but she's french and also a 'renowned archaeologist and vociferous political campaigner' so this is obviously some sophisticated stuff she's got going on. the books are fantastic mysteries tangled up with philosophy legend culture and the profound sadness of the human condition. and the protagonist commissaire adamsberg is this absentminded yet penetratingly insightful columbolike figure if you knew him in real life you'd be constantly tempted to stick your fist down his throat but in fiction he's absolutely charming.
the tension evaporates
luv coops xxx
maybe it was fate that my passport never got stamped upon entering the eu. i guess maybe that means now i can stay here forever….. just goes to show that italian magic works in mysterious ways and apparently even with customs officials.
"word of mouth has been spreading through the region. they've heard about us."
hello i am back i know its been about a month but i have a giveaway promo that i would like to share. it is coming from none other than the le'moore boutique it is a pair of fabulous blue and off white 's curved diamond shaped earrings. please note that the backs are missing which can easily be added. i think these would be a staple to any outfit this spring and summer due to color blocking and most of all i love them to enter all you have to do is follow the le'moore blog visit the le'moore ebay boutique and post a comment on your favorite item that simply and for double chances to win blog about this giveaway on your blog please make sure you post the link to let me know
nfl:
 grease and line a cm loosebottomed cake tin
 large onion
following the scoutorama activities on saturday our pack conducted our graduation ceremony. our tigers are now wolves our wolves are now bears our bears joined the webelos ranks and our webelos scouts became webelos as they begin work towards their arrow of light and transition to the boy scouts. congratulations to everyone involved. the boys did a wonderful job this past year our summer program is shaping up well too.
it worked out really well.
on our way back home we took the ferry to ocracoke island and then on to cedar island to get back to the mainland. the minute ride to ocracoke was fun but the . hour ride to cedar island was a bit much
so my staff and i filledout yung form. it's a twopage form and true enough may mga tanong na personal.
all mouth and trousers i first heard that one in about at watford grammar school as used by a bloke called arthur. the old term was i think 'blabbermouth'. maybe we need a subcategory for descriptions of people who use language in a particular kind of way....so in bold blabbermouth (which in yiddish as used by my father to describe me is a yachner )
aspartame is the most popular artificial sweetener in the united states but i think a more apt description would be the most dangerous food additive on the u.s. market.
richelle has amazing writing skills and with each book your hooked from the first page right up until the end which for me is pure torture because the next book in the series will only be released next year. for our adrian fans get ready to see a new side of him that at times was only present when he was around rose. i'm a huge adrian fan but i have to admit that he had me laughing angry and even at one point a little teary. what we didn't see in adrian in the previous books we will definitely see in bloodlines so get ready for the adrian that you can soak up.
here’s the good news courtney got her mom’s nose. the bad news? her sister got her dad’s…
“you’re welcome” she seemed slightly sheepish all of a sudden it was unbearably cute.
elisabeth badinter says we should get over our obsession with the “voluntary servitude” of mothering and go play the career game with the boys giving it all we’ve got.
it’s time to stop living for a piece of it all and reclaim some real peace which is found is trying to obtain so much less. this is how we will have a piece of peace and truly have what we’ve been missing.
i have always thought that someone should issue an olympic trading card set during an olympic year. it seems like a natural. but i can only remember inserttype olympic sets usually focused on one particular sport included in a larger nonolympic set.
another round of more advanced genetic testing and dna analysis was conducted on the samples exhumed in . live science reported that the newer test gave: “ percent certainty the identification is correct”.
he was held in custody overnight amongst hostile black prisoners and it was made very clear to him and other bloggers that the powers that be in south africa had been taken a strong interest in wsas and were no longer prepared to permit it to continue revealing the truth to such a wide audience.
quite simple this. when i die every single cloud up in heaven will have gemma arterton sitting on it each one representing the things that i would like to do.
the garage was spotless. everything hanging up or neatly
two and a half years ago i was waiting for my cert studying reading learning everything i could about programming and biomechanics and movements; i was observing reading and talking to people. learning. crossfit was more than a change in diet and exercise for me. it was my golden ticket. i desperately needed..not wanted…this to be something that people wanted to do. in that desperation i also wanted to be able to give something to every individual who came into my gym. i wanted them to be empowered. to feel whole. to feel like they belonged. i wanted them to have everything that i…at that time…was lacking.
on a final note before some of the notw start to celebrate they should think again and wait for that knock on the door from strathclyde police.
there are pursuits more worthy of our problemsolving skills. unprecedented environmental social and cultural crises demand our attention. … we propose a reversal of priorities in favour of more useful lasting and democratic forms of communication—a mind shift away from product marketing and toward the exploration and production of a new kind of meaning. the scope of debate is shrinking; it must expand. consumerism is running uncontested; it must be challenged by other perspectives expressed in part through the visual languages and resources of design.
jason gillingham county ambulance officer and on scene at the show said: ''this was a very minor burn to the boy's shoulder but he was conveyed to hospital and is recovering well."
he was assigned for the first years to the southernmost part of england in berkshire hampshire and kent.
i really don't want to buy a new cookie sheet to replace you. half the reason i love you is because i can always make cookies when i'm out of real food. and if i still haven't made it to the grocery store to buy real food do you really think i want to go to target for a new cookie sheet any time soon?
author min jin lee writes with a delicate almost spare hand while showing us the perspective of nearly all the characters in the book. lee says that she wanted to emulate the classics she most admired such as bronte and i dare say she brings a modern touch to the style. i soon began to love it although the headswitching initially threw me. if anything it shows lee's enormous grasp of social niceties of the subtleties of social interaction something so difficult to pull off.
todd van allen gives my return to comedy an underver of eight months – he’s betting under. i’m not prepared to never say never – but i’m pretty sure he’s going to lose that bet.
abap
for several years i was being picked on and beat up now without fighting back. it was th grade and i think i just finally had enough. i decided the next time the bullying started i would have to fight back instead of just letting someone beat the piss out of me.
these are all very nice photos each a little work of art of its own although the photos are doubly exciting in that not only do they show us a beautiful picture but they also allow us to vicariously browse the shelves of the writers featured reading the spines and seeing what they have and in what editions and so on.
"unlike myself brian wasn't exactly a volunteer but he takes his responsibility seriously; he's overcome the doubts of his past and a tendency for impetuous action to become the uk's premier hero."
or take a film in which there are even three takes on an event. kurosawa’s rashomon () presents us with three takes on the same incompossible set of events. unlike persona we cannot simply see the film as two views of the same events for these events cannot exist in the same world together. for deleuze a film like this is one of the earliest examples in film of what he calls the powers of the false. and beyond this we can even imagine a film which is little more than a series of modifications of the same event (ie: the interruption of dinner in the discreet charm of the bourgeosie ) such as we see in many of bunuels later films.
the only character i had a problem with was eldest because he came across as a weak villain to me he just didn't seem all that dangerous or intimidating and his character was even described multiple times throughout the story as childish and foolish. this made it difficult for me to take him serious and even though he acted like a dictator at some points i would've been able to respect his character more if he came across as more villainish
i’ve gotten a lot of anticf spamroll comments lately that i haven’t approved due to their inflammatory andr derogatory remarks that don’t add to the conversation but if it’s one thing i’ve come to realize: they’re absolutely right. i guess deep down i do really want kids after all.
this has the player not looking through at the world thru a first person perspective but from above the "just below the sky" level of viewpoint. the player uses a mouse pointer to choose a worker or workers who then build buildings which then make soldiers and tanks and planes which then proceed to kill off enemy units and destroy enemy buildings.
then i finally walked away from the freaking computer and left the house. finally
great egrets mate for life and have developed an interesting parenting technique. the parents allow their chicks (there are usually three in a brood) to kill each other yes if there's a squabble over food the parents let the kids duke it out often resulting in death for the weaker chick(s). this would be like me exiting the room after tossing the last package of girl scout samoa cookies into the fray called my children
this is a picture from a few months before we officially started dating. it was taken after homecoming our sophomore year of high school (hence the sweet up do) at a friend's house. this picture always makes me laugh because at the time it was taken i didn't really like justin. you can kind of tell i'm reluctantly leaning in towards him. we went to homecoming in the fall together but i wasn't sure about him. frankly i thought he was a little nerdy. it took me until the spring to finally give him a chance. i am sure glad i did
the sole independent candidate is likely to receive fewer than votes but the ukip candidate in the bixley county council election is likely to get several hundred votes maybe taking fourth or even third place.
the review by prof maes showed that these treatments made people worse
i have tried and tried to get the link to post to my blog page but it won't so after several attempts i am just going to let you know they are from betty crocker recipes called happy hour desserts. they are absolutely yummy looking. pina colada cupcakesmojito bars strawberry daquiri cake and grasshopper dessert squares.
“jmu has helped me really see how i can make a difference and what i am capable of doing even if it is simply on a small scale. working through the engineering program has been challenging especially since we are the first class but i think it is exciting that my class will serve a crucial role in defining what jmu engineers can do. beyond engineering jmu has allowed me to explore different opportunities (such as the ipad app) that i never could have thought up and executed alone. music has also been an important aspect in my life and jmu was one of the few schools that really gave me the opportunity to still pursue a technical major without having to sacrifice my love of saxophone. for that i am truly thankful as i have truly met some of the best people i have ever met and am glad to call many of them my friends for the rest of my life.”
giving a talk to journalism students at the university of central lancashire at the end of november company editor victoria white said: “although magazines are in decline brands and content are still needed – we are no longer magazines we are brands’’
the tree was properly sniffed and surveyed by the cats and then i set to rehearsing music for the concert on saturday. just having the tree in the house and still feeling the memory of that brisk sleety wind on my cheeks helped the spirit of the music. it really flowed.
and we’re not leaving.
onto pinterest...
fourth i spent the last hour at work on a conference call with a teammate and attorneys going over each paragraph of a page contract that we're hoping to enter with a new vendor. we only got to page . we resume at : tomorrow morning.
i had one incrediblely divine appointment on saturday i have to tell you about because i’m still so excited over it part of the training on saturday was cpr training. as a foster parent you have to have your cpr training renewed every years. so a couple came in the back of the class just for that part of the day.
slowly it comes as i drag air in and push it out.
i worked all last week with sunday off then i was supposed to work another days straight. thursday i got up and could barely move. i really need two days off to re cooperate with this fibro and back problem. so i called in and went back to bed which was all i could physically do.
 shelton brothers just because :
as the mother of two elizabeth writes on the run as she juggles duties as girl scout leader referees play dates drives carpools and is dragged along as a hostagehaperone on field trips.
* remove the dough from the bowl and give a few light kneading to press out the gas in the dough. divide the dough into equal portions (g each). roll each dough into smooth rounds cover with a damp cloth or cling wrap and let the doughs rest for mins.
howard publicly blasted his teammates for a second time (first time was against the boston celtics) after a loss to the new orleans hornets as if he had the moral high ground to do so. here is a guy that had been talking about wanting out of orlando criticizing the efforts of his teammates in public. did he ever stop to think that they had grown weary of the circus that he had created? all he had to do was keep his mouth shut about his trade demands and the possibility of using his eto. instead he behaved completely opposite of the public image he had built for himself prior to this season. he said and did all the wrong things becoming a cancer in the locker room and within the organization.
a tenderness provoked only by you
i’m driving a little old woman
k's eyes are perpetually brimming with tears. she's tiny and her hands are chilled. baby m is sleeping under a blanket on her chest. the two younger children d and little k are relatively quiet considering their ages. at and they could be tearing up the sidewalks but they're not.
it rejected our cards. all of 'em. my visa card my debit card doug's mastercard and his credit union card. all firmly rejeté.
we met up again with tiffany and ryan shortly after that. this zoo now has a sky glider that will take you from one side of the zoo to the other of course you don't get to see the animals up close though if you only go one way so of the kids took it round trip and we waited and waited and waited by the rhinos who were sitting in a mud bath. but we got misted so it felt good.
and ducks may founder and die
michael jackson’s body is not to be cremated or buried. it's to be recycled into grocery bags. that way he can continue to be white plastic and dangerous for kids to play with.
have questions about participating in blood drives in ? please reach out to carmen cervantes at lifesourse at or ccervantes@itxm.org. let’s try harder in to help save lives.
for those of you who read never forget. you’ll see that i grew up in texas. all over texas actually. so the music i grew up with consists mostly of country songs. few songs actually speak to me these days. but i’m going to rattle off some and tell you why and how they spoke to me and how they affect my writing.
so my message to you this week is go forth and be book people and if you're so inclined to leave a comment we'd love to hear about why you are a book personbut go tell the good folks at rif first
travelling around – circus maximus
i haven't had much time for crafting lately. part of the reason is trying to handle three little ones at home. i decided i needed to teach them how to do chores and have responsibilities in the home from a young age if i ever want to have time for myself again. i tried giving them expectations and got frustrated when they didn't follow through. duh they're little. my husband can't even follow through with turning the lights off a room when he leaves it i tried printing simple chore cards with individualized envelopes i got off the internet and stuck to their bedroom doors. they were all excited about the cards at first but there really wasn't any way to get this program to stick unless i was overseeing them like a hawk every minute of the day. finally i decided i wasn't succeeding at this on my own and that it was important enough to me to justify purchasing a program to handle chores and responsibilities that had a little more logic and procedure built into it.
b. water for drinking and car in case it overheats
mancini had said before the game he was expecting a tough game at carrow road but the result suggests anything but. having been eight points ahead of manchester city less than a week ago manchester united now take on aston villa tomorrow with their lead cut to just two points.
for the twinery srm stickers product showcase
¾ teaspoon baking soda
then i had my darling son coming to me while i was in the shower sneezing up a storm and telling me he couldn't go to school today because he has "the allergies". of course i laughed at the cuteness... but he didn't find it funny. "mommy i have the allergies. i cannot go to school." i assured him he would be just fine.
many outlets ran the story of how daniel schechtman’s startling discovery of quasicrystals ran counter to everything that was perceived to be true in his field and how he overcame prejudice and ridicule to eventually get this year’s chemistry nobel prize. eisen took a terrific “success and failure as twin imposters” angle on this by illustrating how a similar story could apply to felisa wolfesimon’s muchcriticized announcement last year that she had isolated a strain of bacteria that could use arsenic (unlike all other life on earth which uses phosphorous). portrayals of scientific history love to glorify the ideal of the suffering unrecognized genius says eisen and yet they also reveal the destructive influence the myth of the scientific martyr can have on people who believe they fit that mould.
i wanted to shine light on the shadows inside your heart
ps. teagan did not want to make us throw her to the coyotes. she was a good girl tonight well with only a little crying but that’s not really out of the norm for her on a friday after a week of no naps.
one of my big lessons in my walk was this huge and powerful reminder to listen to the nudges. if i tune them out how can i possibly be the hands and feet of christ? loving others and putting that love into action is far more than just making a list of good deeds to accomplish. it's not a checklist of "ok i donated to the food pantry so i fed the poor and i went on a mission trip so i cared for the world and i wrote a check to whatever organization so i was generous and i didn't flip off that bad driver so i showed mercy." i had a huge wake up call a few years back to the importance of doing what is asked and not just doing what seems to be the "christian thing" to do. when i'm listening and doing what is asked i get pushed way outside of my comfort zone % of the time. when it's his plan and not mine i often find myself shaking my head and wondering where this next step is going to take me. when i am fulfilling what i know to be his call i end up overwhelmed by his power and consumed with his love.
☺ save it in a new folder where you'll save also the background image. this passage makes easier the writing of the position of the image into the code.
to ask digital edition questions specific to your magazine or for a free confidential review of your digital product please contact your publisher relations manager.
well four days ago i started teaching two chinese men english. they are both in their early twenties and probably had about fifty words of english between them when they arrived (separately) in newcastle a week ago. i didn’t know i would be teaching them until after they had their placement tests on monday so this was a happy coincidence.
so it'll be okay right? you can ration that wine for... bottles...so.. maybe days...
the mullan chap served a deserved game ban because he broke mr. zakuani’s leg. i’m pretty sure that when he comes back to the field of play after the suspension he’ll feel like michael jackson’s american in paris because he has been out of the game for months at least.
well i’d better get dressed and ready to go outside this morning. we have to move one of the log racks inside the garage – they’re delivering some firewood today. we’ve used a lot in the workshop so far this winter but it sure keeps the workshop warm and toasty when the fire’s going in the little stove
dear representative kinzinger;
crab apple chili and rosemary jelly
i thought hamish should live in a secret hideaway in the highlands and coorie doon (which in scots means to 'snuggle down and be cosy') seemed like a good place.
this year i was going to do it differently. (this seems to be the theme of my life.) i went to lowe's and bought several pound bags of sand. let me just insert here that pounds is a lot heavier than you think it is going to be. the salesperson assured me that someone would help me load it into my van and he trotted off to help a skinny young thing leaving me and my four children to fend for ourselves. my year old son who thinks he is heman pushed the flat bed cart to the checkout. he was really proud of himself because he "only ran into mommy two times" yeah.....
most of the suggestions that i’m offering are not free. i understand that. the ttc is already pinched for money in terms of just keeping the stations clean and expanding the actual service. but the cost in the long run of not taking into account riders and people flow will be massive. having a good transit system is not just about the vehicles and staff – it’s also about getting people to their destinations efficiently.
rattus: sniff sniff. i don't know what to say. i'm deeply touched. thank you. ladies and gentlemen for his unexpected poem of tribute to our friendship i concede victory to my oldest and dearest friend tea rat.
later i came across another book that i believe all people should be encouraged to read: a short history of nearly everything by bill bryson. you can’t see the statistics the vast complexity of life and not believe in something greater than yourself. lastly i challenge anyone to study the array of religions humans have devised and tell me that at their core the majority of them are not basically carrying the same message.
and no one ever will
an interesting case of biculturalism yas was born in san francisco in but raised in kochi city japan. concerned that he would be drafted in to the japanese army he moved back to the states in to study agriculture. nine years later after becoming infatuated with the medium of photography he enrolled in chicago's famous institute of design where he studied with harry callahan. his american work from this period to his permanent return to tokyo in is one of the highlights of what is known as the chicago school. (hmmm... note to self interesting idea for a show)
)what would they eat?
below are links to the resources i used to complete my board and batten project. just in case you know you want to do your own. happy building
sew in your ends & put it on now you know why this yarn is named "superior".
i’m sticking with my “publish some damn science” argument. i don’t see how data from every scientific lab could be kept out of every respectable scientific journal – those scientists and journals would be fascinated to learn anything new that’s well supported (that’s kinda what science is after all) even if some politicians and oil magnates wanted it kept quiet.
.cramp and paralyze the heathen :
the fish stamp is from the drs designs shop and the sentiment stamp is from stampin' up and a little bit of twine (my nickname is tangles).
i told her i would blog about her and sperm and she said make sure i said “supersperm.”
enjoy the spring and connect with the blooming nature
yes that says better if used before october 
this inexpensive vegetable is tasty and easy to cook. sweet potato shoots (pucuk ubi keledek) normally do not contain harmful agricultural chemicals because they are rather easy to cultivate. i planted some in my backyard and they grew a little too ‘wild’. therefore i have to get rid of them. anyway one bunch of sweet potato shoots average price is around rm (usd .).
arguably being one of the most important elements of a story dialogue is also one of the most difficult things to deal with. it’s hard to know when a character should speak and what he or she should say. it gets even harder when a second character with an entirely different personality is required to respond to the first character. for some dialogue is by far the most harrowing of all storytelling necessities and so the temptation is to avoid it altogether giving the reader nothing to hold onto but ongoing exposition.
summed up: so what if sherlock holmes had a sister the very epitome of female cunning with all her brother's brilliant powers of deductions and then some to the point that even the great detective himself couldn't keep up? wonderful idea? i thought so.
the rumors and evidence become stronger as time passed by. for example in an interview last january dara was asked who is her ideal man. she shyly said that when it comes to her ideal man there are always different men in mind but this time it was gdragon. after giving her answer she shyly smiled. when she explained why she chose gdragon she simply answered it’s “gdragon”. she was touched by his move when they were in their company’s ski trips last year. same explanation was said by gdragon on a different interview.
finally this rose is the simplest cut a strip of felt cm by cm
what makes it that you will be loosing your patience?
 textile
i added a little pink bird i got at michael's on clearence a while back and wallah for under $ total hayden is now the proud owner of her very own birdalier. something that originally was supposed to have a "purpose" turned into something purely decorative (which is not really my thing). but my little girl loves it and so do i.
roasted asparagus with balsamic
regardless moats are an impressive sight to behold and any building that calls for such design is likely quite important andr expensive. while many of the moats are found in europe we also check out asia and even touch down in miami for a contemporary spin on this largely medieval phenomenon. enjoy
it was a wonderful weekend ken only worked occasionally via laptop or phone. saturday we laid in bed drank coffee and watched the news. then bella went to the spa and we had about hours to ourselves. we went shopping for a wheelchair.
* to make my home a haven for my family
it has confirmed
combine brownie mix oil water and eggs in large bowl; stir strokes with spooon. set aside.
at this point what we do is we start to take the “minimal enagement with our worldly life” strategy. in my case for example i had a year period of my life where my main goal was to minimize the amount of “normal work” i had to do. for example i would take jobs that demanded very little of me and that were below what my normal career potential would have been. i did so so that i had “more free time” to “do dharma.” then when the people i worked for came in and asked me to do things i became internally upset frustrated and dissassatisfied with having to do these things. i would only minimally engage in my work out of a strange fear of being somehow contaminated by having to engage in “worldly activities”. so not only was i taking jobs below what my normal capacity would have been i was underperforming in them.
karen shares a surname with a wellknown rock
after dealings with a flat tire and a car battery that didn’t want to stay charged i was ready to go home. after getting in our cabin ( with air conditioning what a relief) and having the usual camp food of hot dogs for supper my night was turning out way better than i expected; especially after we went to the camp zoo. if i can’t see my own horses the next best thing is exotic animals and miniature horses. after team building with hulu hoops and noodles ( the colorful water floaty kind) i thought it was time for bed. but with twenty other girls in one cabin and a very intense game of buzzword i finally for to climb into my bed at one o clock. the next day we had a whole new load of adventures waiting for us outside our cabin. after another wonderful meal of camp food (this time it was pop tarts) we struggled into rope harnesses and helmets.
abecedarians moved to caroline one year later for their debut ep eureka. resin followed in . two compilations have since been released: abcd which is a collection of nearly all of eureka and resin plus the factory single and this compilation of early tracks and demos.
last but not least the food will be serve to the guests.
 mushrooms
) bernie madoff refers to the u.s. government as a ponzi scheme. laughable on one hand. but then when you consider that madoff is the master of ponzi schemes perhaps he knows what he's talking about.
. write every day. whether it’s in my personal journal my blog a marketing campaign for an online store i need to write every day. it soothes my soul decreases my depression keeps my mind active and makes me feel like i’m part of a community.
my tree wasn’t far from my home. it was just down the trail from my front door and could easily be seen through our window panes. stepping off of my porch it was merely a dash of ten seconds at top speed which is often how i ran to the tree. once there i would kick off my shoes (which i barely needed anyway since it was so close except that the path was rocky) and i would climb the lower branches that gradually wrapped upward around the back of the tree until i was able to slide down a main trunk onto a set of branches that led straight to the top as if they were purposely designed to give access to the feet of children. i would only have to dodge a branch here and there before i was at the top. and there i would sit in a crook of several branches that had grown together to form a cradle. resting quietly it took mother’s call for a midday meal to rouse any interest in returning to the world below. in fact it is possible that i would have gone hungry had she not beckoned my return.
 cup sugar syrup (see below)
we were seated downstairs in a small room off the main area which was highly reminiscent of a castle dungeon. the restaurant has quite a good atmosphere and was packed full when we arrived at pm. later in the night there was even a guitar quintet (a bunch of local uni students) who came and did a live performance for everyone to enhance the mood.
ziyi zhang has had limited success in the u.s. since making her u.s. debut in rush hour and her most criticallyacclaimed film to date crouching tiger hidden dragon. most of her film work remains in china while she’s made the occasional appearance in american films like the horseman tmnt and memoirs of a geisha.
sometimes it is compassion;
if you haven't heard about the 'new' trestle inn (th and callowhill) it's a retro gogo bar with a big whiskey selection; worth checking out. yes "gogo bar" with dancers in boots and barbarellastyle outfits not noodie stuff. weird i know but there you are.
the juke box played irish ballads and dexy's midnight runners while i was there. timboo's is big. there a roomy pool area in the back with a sloping roof above it. on one side of the table is a picture and memorabilia collage devoted to elvis. on the other wall is an equally big collage of beatles junk. a old gun is mounted on the wall next to a plaque identifying it as the gun that won the west. there are the remnants of what looks like a kitchen in the back; many of these ancient bars used to serve food.
sure clown fish can’t talk or widen their eyes for comic effect but they can do cooler things like switch genders.
upc code: 
by the time its founder dr. francis clark had written his autobiography in christian endeavor could say that eighty thousand organizations bore its name (clark memoirs supra p. ). it could and did say that three hundred thousand people attended one hundred and fifty different sessions at its convention in detroit (clark christian endeavor supra p. ). it could and did estimate that about endeavorers every year join the evangelical churches of the world (clark christian endeavor supra p. ). an online encyclopedia archive on francis clark recorded that in united christian endeavor had societies and more than members scattered throughout the united states canada great britain australia south africa india japan and china
aki: no.
newer members of the beer blokes family may not be aware of the annual online beer fest that is movembeer a special time of the year for very special people.
at this time of year the woods are rather stark and open with all the deciduous leaves gone from the branches. or almost all i should say: here and there a stiff brown oak or beech leaf clings on through the worst of winter.
they will never be servant to their colleagues they will be above they will never be beneath.
i've had quite a few requests for the vegan holiday roast recipe so here it is i originally got this online but the recipe isn't there when i go back to my bookmark. i can't remember exactly what it was called before so vegan holiday roast it is luckily i have a little notebook where i copy down recipes from the internet so i still have it.
i’m not an activist nor a religionist so i won’t ask or tell you to get out there and try to make a difference through action or prayer. if you want to do any of these then do them. the channels for trying to change the world are the same as they’ve always been.
we had lunch in the beach cafe and at last all three dogs were quiet and orderly as they waited for sardine heads to descend from the table.
that’s a helpful reminder because sometimes we tend to compartmentalize our lives. perhaps we pray only during church worship smallgroup bible study family devotions and personal quiet times. but what about during our workday? to pray on the job does not mean we have to fall to our knees with clasped hands and pray aloud. but it does mean that work decisions and relationships can be brought to god throughout the day.
 anyone conveying poorlyconceived symbolic props will be barred from entry
let's revisit the original xmen in these scans from xmen: the hidden years # featuring iceman & the beast.
identifiable both by its distinctive seedhead and its leaves which are folded at the base orchardgrass is an increasinglypopular species both for pasture silage and hay. in addition to its selfpropogation properties orchardgrass is a robust producer in the vegetative state outperforming kentucky bluegrass and timothy while being more palatable to livestock than other high producers like reeds canarygrass. orchardgrass also is tolerant to close grazing and as long as the base and tillers are left behind regrows vigorously after close cutting or chomping that would kill timothy.
lauren only represent young adult middle grade and adult romance authors. she's looking for ya(any genre) mg(any genre)contemporary romances historical romances and anything edgy and dark. she doesn't want or need anymore paranormalomances.(unless you have horror as a subgenre and in that case she'll make an exception.) she would like to see some ya or mg horror novels cross my desk. the creepier the better. she's also looking for edgy contemporaries and swoonworthy romances. if you've written a new adult novel ( in any of the genres listed above) she will consider that as well.
level : % chance to deal % damage after an attack.
this article did leave me with a few unanswered questions overall. is it called teeneze teenish or teenan? and can i get this through rosetta stone?
in the first studiorecorded record was released "feels like buzz aldrin". it was recorded in mono at joallan's recording service in hallstahammar västmanland sweden. "feels like buzz aldrin" got great reviews; out of in pop magazine happy figures and out of s and in dagens nyheter svd nöjesguiden etc. it was raised all up to the skies by per bjurman at aftonbladet and mats olsson at expressen.
mars who ever since he burst into the scene last year with his hit “just the way you are” has gained international recognition for his creased hats just as much as he has for his soulful falsetto voice and eclectic music style.
the big event at the javitz center’s ign theater friday night was the kevin smith and jason mewes live recording of their podcast jay & silent bob get old.
the stars continue to fall
relationship and bush proclaims herself a free spirit who
there are many that can market and have no stockmanship skills. some have stockmanship skills and no marketing skills. some have both and can not budget their money. we don’t teach any of this to the next generation.
() water: seriously. lots and lots of water.
in any case be expecting a couple more posts from me at least – particularly as the semester starts to wind down and it begins to really hit me that i’m going home. that’ll be another fun ride i’m sure (dag nabbit didn’t i just get off the study abroad roller coaster? what do you mean i have to get back on it? what the heck).
stop the presses the segment opened with george stephanopoulos in a suburban yard in his white shirt and tie looking for some reason like a stuffed jackass penguin (that’s a real species) who somehow wandered off a museum’s diorama. george assured us that lawnmowers — especially riding lawnmowers that can mow in reverse — are very dangerous to children. shift to female twinkie earnest blonde version who breathlessly revealed that every year children (much softer “and adults”) go to the emergency room with lawnmowing related injuries.
unfortunately she shines all the more in contrast with her surroundings. to be fair musicals aren’t this company’s main thing. as they admit in their program notes they began mounting them in the s to pay bills when they couldn’t draw audiences for the work they actually cared about. the problem is to do something well it has to be your main thing the thing you love most in the world every detail must matter. the production as a whole is a community theatre style cornucopia of dropped lines leisurely entrances shaky singing voices and the damnedest collection of rummagesale oddments for sets costumes and props. on one side of the set the countess noted was a birdcage full of garbage. at one point the romantic lead tripped and fell down (and he wasn’t even dancing at the time) part of the problem must be that vann though one of the best in the cast for acting if not for singing is also the director. there is definitely a sense of split focus and toomuchbittenoff of no one at the helm. symptoms of exhaustion are rampant. (note: vann is also the company’s artistic director and she’s been at it for years. doubtless she has a constituency of fans who’ll overlook the faults and loyally cheer the company on and i consider such loyalty legitimate. as a latecomer to the party i can’t help but come with a different perspective). still you won’t get many chances in your life to see this musical. the current production is up through the end of the month. for more details go here.
i’m ashamed to say that i wouldn’t be judged too highly by any of those men on that count – the name wodehouse was only vaguely familiar as someone i knew i should know more about.
stir flour oats sugar rosemary baking powder baking soda salt and teaspoon pepper in large bowl to blend. pour buttermilk and melted browned butter over flour mixture; stir with fork until flour mixture is moistened.
rose abundance a
nope i can tell you right now it's not and surprisingly i am perfectly ok with that (thats huge for me i'm a little bit proud of myself fyi)
after giving my usual speech about not asking me any pertinent questions about when it was built or the guy's name who designed it or anything other than what color it is because i actually am the worst tour guide on the planet we braved the long line and shoved our way into the window elevator. smashed up against a window hurling upwards the city spread itself before my eyes. higher and higher my heart jumps into my throat as i think one thing only....
this sunday in miami the rock and john cena will face off at wrestlemania xxviii (); a match that was over one year in the making (reminiscent of old ′s & ′s storylines) and is being dubbed and promoted as an icon vs. iconstyle of match given both stars’ pop culture popularity. however this isn’t the rock’s first time being promoted in this type of match.
it would hardly be fair of me to ask you to scrutinize your outer spaz and honestly evaluate your apparent flaws without me doing the same. the difference is i’m going to do it here publicly for the whole world to see. or at least the handful of you out there reading this.
this is virtually what god said in romans :. the divine command is to “present your bodies a living sacrifice holy acceptable unto god which is your reasonable service.” this would necessitate our abstaining from all appearances of evil those things which do harm to our bodies such as drugs tobacco or any form of excess.
it doesn’t fit any more
people come people go.
here is the work of today – and this is just the start:
after inquiring for more details about aashika’s various projects i learned that aashika had started her own oncampus student group called “stop the traffick” at uc berkeley. but after exploring oncampus student organizations and working for various ngos after graduating from uc berkeley aashika says she found it “difficult to experiment and pilot my own ideas prompting me to start my own nonprofit. it was risky but the only way to find out if something can work is to try” with this spirit she decided to start her own nonprofit and partnered with other likeminded ngos who also want to be more proactive in stopping and preventing human trafficking.
i was thinking about this today because of my upcoming adventure to florida. i got to thinking about spending time with women who i really don’t “know” all that well. i have met one of them in person served in the church choir with her but i didn’t know her then and we have both changed so much that i am sure we will have to get to know each other all over again.
. tandoor great indian food at decent prices. i love the staff they always crack me up. the menu is diversified with choices from all different regions of india including some of the best rogan josh i've ever had. and hey let's not forget the peshwari naan. perfect.
bene+dic domine creaturam istam cerevisiae quam ex adipe frumenti producere dignatus es: ut sit remedium salutare humano generi et praesta per invocationem nominis tui sancti; ut quicumque ex ea biberint sanitatem corpus et animae tutelam percipiant. per christum dominum nostrum.
so you should expect that i will form rules regarding order in my meetings and i will have no tolerance for disorder. i will block access to me towards those who do not maintain in order in reverent submission to god the father with focus on jesus christ the word of god and prayer.
today i find i have come up against resisting everything. i know we all do this. we are invited to a birthday party. we love the person who invited us yet do you really want to be sociable with a bunch of people you don’t know at a birthday party? i get inspired by dreams people want to create i support you fully in living your dreams. you deserve the help you need. but do i really want to step forward & help?
the summer my life began wasn't what i expected. i thought it would be a perfect summer read; light nice and highly enjoyable. but while it was nice it lacked the depth i seek in my reads. it felt like things were too good to be true. in this book everything was nice everyone was always happy and excited. to the point that when there was some "trouble" it felt too forced and uncharacteristic and out of the blue.
performance dates: may ; : pm (sunday afternoon matinee: : pm)
evoking states of happiness exaltation or less heavenly 
when it came to the moynihan station project which could involve a new rail station in the farley post office the relocation of madison square garden and new office towers and retail over the current penn stationsg site brodsky had the same basic questions. “how do i know how the public investment should be made versus privatewhat’s the rule?” he asked.
when the oil is hot enough drop few of the balls into it initially the balls should sink in the bottom .that very moment shake the pan carefully till the balls turn over and comes up to the surface.do not put any kind of spoon to move the balls or u might break them apart.once the balls start to rise and come up then carefully stir them with a slotted spoon and roll them over .fry till it turns dark brown evenly on a very low heat all the time .the balls usually expand and gets bigger in size .
recovery: recovery accelerator
louis bonaparte sees himself writes marx as the defender of the “bourgeois order” and hence as “the representative of the middle class” (read the capitalist class mainly the middle bourgeoisie); “at the same time as the representative of the peasants and of the people in general who wants to make the lower classes of the people happy within the frame of bourgeois society”; but “above all bonaparte himself as the chief of the society of december as the representative of the lumpenproletariat to which he himself his entourage his government and his army belong and whose prime consideration is to benefit itself and draw california lottery prizes from the state treasury.”
“lets go.” we walk slowly in his direction. the closer i get to him the stronger his signal. turning the corner he can see us coming down the darkened ally way. my hands glowing hot with anger. his palms are pressed flat on the building in front of him trapping one of the human girls. the other two are shoving the petite one back and forth taking terns groping her body. her clothing tares as she struggles against them. rex looks right at me locking his eyes to mine. a smile slowly spreads on his face as he raps one hand around the girl’s neck. i push a wave of energy in there direction but he ignores my warning. the other two freeze and the girl stumbles back from her attackers. she just stands there awkwardly waiting for her friend. watching with tears in her eyes. rex squeezes tighter on the teen’s fragile flesh his smile growing ever wider. pounding my feet against the pavement gaining momentum i land on his back with a jolting thud.
for a long while we’re still a stone in a trickling river of human beings all different all the same. we’re alone.
antacid medicines containing calcium or aluminum
 oz fuggles min
from the album. i would like a shot at making a proper film
let us look at a woman in the bible mary magdalene. she is mentioned in matthew and mark among a few other scriptures in the bible. it is believed that she was the woman from whom jesus cast out demons. she then became a devoted christfollower.
...every star a sacred dream shining for you to see..
* mixed in red & green bell peppers and tomatoes ( i ♥ tomatoes)
it was also the day i met my dear barbara. i would not hate to be stranded with her in a tree perhaps kissing.”
glade save $ press & spray starter kit ()
personal observations aside i do have some finishes to show you first up is the needlecase i made with the flowering crown chart by just nan. although it isn't perfect i still love it it's the first needlecase i have ever completed and it turned out nice. i have learned from the mistakes i made on this particular case and will be sure to make any future attempts better so here it is:
car with driver
find their way
all of this is totally psychologically sound and now that i think about it is more psychologically sound than the cryitout operant conditiong approach. after all none of the insomnia tips i have ever read have said “cry frustratedly and miserably in bed until you finally fall unconscious.” so if they don’t recommend it for adults why do we think it’s the best strategy for babies?
if you want to know what ive been up to go to my blog (link is with my creation for this week) id love to hear from you need to touch base with you all :)
and you talk about anything.
upper branches nests full of eggs.
ira is an ipa brewed with a belgian yeast strain. the resulting beer is softer and rounder than a muscular oregon ipa. it has a creamy sweetness that buoys the ample hops and simultaneously seems to enclose the bitterness in a gentle pocket. i am reminded of orval which is also a huge yet deceptively smooth beer
given this confused dichotomy i’m pleased to welcome the political cartoonist amrmi to shed some light onto what a cautionary search on twitter reveals to not quite be the hotpotato issue of the day… (but i owed amrmi a favour due to my failure to payback a donation to my now defunct mayoral election deposit fund and comment is free weren’t interested – snooty bastards – so i’m publishing it here.)
there are some titles in here that i've had on my wishlist for ages and others that i've only recently heard of. quite a range though from classic fantasy (albeit with a kickass female flavour) like daughter of the flames to the intriguing the future of us where s kids somehow get sight of their facebook statuses from the future and can influence them. and how intriguing does delirium's world where love is outlawed as craziness sound?
lorraine theresa pope was born in passaic new jersey and was a graduate of eastside high school known for its transformation in the mids under the leadership of principal joe clark (the school and clark were the subject of the film lean on me starring morgan freeman). mzuri is a registered nurse a field she worked in for years.
thank you my wonderful blog friends for letting me share this story.
a year ago we celebrated your last birthday on earth.
kim hyunsung (jang hyunsung) a hardboiled fund manager spends an evening of heavy drinking with his coworkers at a restaurant. a colleague shows up with some airsoft rifles and soon all of them are pointing their weapons every which way and firing them in the busy restaurant. the server asks the guests to put the firearms away and hyunsung ends up getting into a brawl with the waiter. the next day following a probe into the company’s financial dealings and the suicide of one of his associates kim flees to the wooded retreat of one of his friends hoping to recover his equilibrium. instead his buddy convinces him to take part in a war game with some friends. this vigorous if not wholly original exploration of the ruthlessness of business culture firmly embraces the dogme esthetic the camera crew and boom mike being plainly visible in one restaurant scene. ()
the calendar of the ancient maya has become significant in recent times as a wayshower to help us navigate through the choppy waters of group consciousness. in mayan calculation their ancient long count calendar — a measure of man’s rising to meet the gods — is beginning to wind down. we are approaching the end times the moment of cosmic allchange the point on the ecliptic where the sun (and the earth in orbit around it) comes into conjunction with the center of our galaxy at : on december solstice .
i read the (london) times daily including on sunday. i especially keep an eye out for opeds by daniel finkelstein janice turner david aaronovitch philip collins and dominic lawson. i always read andrew sullivan’s column and camilla long’s interviews and isabel oakeshott’s lengthy in focus reports.
big question # watercolour and watersoluble crayons on paper ”x”.
for euros i am impressed by the length of the spectacle which stretches over nearly two hours. the children around me are also thrilled by the sights and sounds the clowns the acrobats and especially the animals. the show starts with eight tigers and continues with horses llamas yaks doves goats and dogs. it does all seem quaint and oldfashioned but i am disturbed most by an obstacle course set up for a troupe of panicking ducks who are chased around the ring with sticks.
while it was not butterflies and kittens the waxing was not nearly as painful as i thought it would be. actually it was not really painful at all though that may be due to the skill of the esthetician. it was an interesting process and also interesting to think that a majority of turkish women do this on a regular basis. while i was assimilating culturally i also found my first turkish homonyms
on the heels of the wildly popular the gathering comes the second in the "darkness rising" ya trilogy from nyt bestselling author kelley armstrong.
stir the drained pasta into the sauce. if its to thick add cup or so of reserved pasta water to loosten it.
i was reeling at bryson about it and it occurred to me that it was highly unlikely this was the first or only incident. i went back up to his room where i found him sitting on the floor twiddling something in his hands. i sat on the floor next to him and told him we had more to talk about. i told him that i was going to walgreens for a drug test and that he needed to tell me what i was going to find out before the test did. i couldn't believe my ears when he started crying and said he was so scared to tell me the truth but that he really wanted to. the truth that he had been smoking cigarettes since he was and had been smoking weed since we moved here in december. i cried. two years?
another variant on the testimonial headline is to snippet out a sentence plot point or really popular piece of dialog but you don't have a lot of room. this is still just a headline and that tiny little snippet of your book still has to sell the entire concept so think carefully about which pieces you want to snippet.
exercise
when she sashayed across the room her breasts swayed like two house trailers passing on a windy bridge.
i allowed her to roll over under me and i stared into her eyes. she had an impish smile about her the kind in which she wanted to be mad at me but couldn’t. she punched me in one of my pecs lightly but meaning it.
leaving aside that i read news products (newspapers) daily for work initially i think i would react to being asked suddenly to pay for content – even if it was a “micro” payment (these have been mooted for the past decade – by going elsewhere for news. but then again once murdoch goes for it it’s likely that given news’ market domination in australian newspaper publishing there will be an unstoppable cascading effect and content that was once free everywhere will be gone.
is this what canada stands for now?
i have been involved in a sort of discussion today. it has been enlightening to see the various opinions and to hear different voices. thankfully god’s grace is big enough to encompass us all puny minded individuals. i hope maybe the lyrics to this great song will be beneficial. the song is by casting crowns.
have a wonderful week
because other translations have more literal renderings couch believed they are “why it has been necessary for commentators and preachers to spend so much time explaining what the words in the original language mean before the lay reader can understand fully a text of scripture.”
book rating: 
and how many foster care facilities or families could handle more than one?
i don't know why it never occurred to me before to spotlight old standby mexican joints like lupe's the hat and maryann's in my "who goes there?" column. i guess it's because i just take them for granted and never think of them disappearing. also all three were newish when i moved to new york. so i don't think of them as old because to do so would me that i am uh old. oh well. time to face up to it: lupe's has been around for years. here's my column:
i love lady gaga
smarter data center solutions offered by apc and ipconverge address the increasing market requirement for a secure robust and highly resilient data center service for inhouse and outsourcing needs.
omar shaban canadian lebanese a student at ubc and former executive vice president of the canadian arab federation for western canada
franklin park reading series "music and mayhem night"
david w. bernard chelmsford mass.
my checker tolled me sew.
i learned about photography. i have been working hard to get better at this area of my blog. i take a lot of time taking pictures staging pictures making organizing look appealing to you – to motivate and inspire you.
the poor woman put me on this earth and i made her iffy waffles. they tasted like nothing. i want to do better. i don’t ask you for favors often but: do you have a favorite waffle recipe? a triedandtrue? if so would you point me toward it? my mother and i would appreciate it.
i’ve been distracted lately by succulents and knitting but haven’t been posting much about painting and drawing. i sat down the last couple of nights and reconnected with my love of drawing with simple colour (yes i’m canadian so i’m sticking with the spelling) pencil.
so here is my story
i should have killed you. i should have acted on my instinct before waking up.
the feeble attempts of darwinian antiscience to prove a chain of development from the lowest forms of life to the highest is seriously flawed by its materialist cultlike philosophy. the progress they seek from the lowest animated matter to the highest form of life is full of gaps and gaffs. missing links are hailed for their discovery and quietly forgotten when proved false. darwinian pseudoscience continues in its duplicity however despite the facts and its critics. it is a futile attempt to portray man as ascending by his own nature to the throne of god. “for although they knew god they did not honor him as god or give thanks to him but they became futile in their thinking and their foolish hearts were darkened.” (romans : esv)
the index prepared by george anastaplo for the bible volume had to be trimmed somewhat by the publisher in . space limitations and editorial policies were among the factors contributing to the reshaping of the bible index when that book was published.
sonow my therapist want me to "remember" what made me want to be a girl.i said that i really doesn't think that someone made me think like that.and she think that i need to know when this started to do the family session i was hoping for.i know now that in brazil there is not right age for hormones and no right time to therapy before hormonesit depends on the therapist.
and so for the next few hours moon the mod whippet paced up and down the laminate flooring. he didn't play with his toys and he didn't even eat there was far too much on his mind. maybe his master wouldn't know what was going on later after all from a human’s point of view it just looked like a load of dogs (wearing clothes) running around on a beach but stella would be there
xi) besides including clear provisions on transfer of technology in treaties under negotiation in wipo a new subsidiary body within wipo (standing committee on ip and the transfer of technology) shall be established in order to ensure an effective transfer of technology to developing countries including the creation of an international regime that would promote access by the developing countries to the results of publicly funded research in the developed countries;
for some time steve milloy of junkscience.com has been adamadantly asking the epa to 'show us the bodies' in their claim that they save tens of thousands of lives every year with their "highcostforimaginary benefit programs covering emissions of greenhouse gases mercury sulfur dioxide and nitrous oxides".
my photo measures in x . in.
when mevrouw t and i walked it it was getting an excellent workout from other tourists and local joggers.
 box pasta
and with the summary of these stories blessings and curses
i keep track of upcoming schedules for college football as they are announced. recently i noticed an oddity. unlv added a game to its schedule this week booking a home contest for september against northern arizona. it will round out a game schedule for the rebels. allowed? here is what i found out which jogged my memory a bit. it isn’t just about creating an opportunity to take program officials coaches players and fans to paradise for a week.
good news though. i'm actually getting my energy back after my little fainting nonsense. i think it's all the junk food i've been eating. the doctor told me i needed to significantly up my sodium and red meat intake. and i was like "what? i am being ordered by the doctor to eat at wendy's every day for lunch? dang it" then i started eating a lot of chocolate and ice cream because if red meat and sodium are good for me chocolate and ice cream have got to be like spinach to my system right?
the philippine summer starts march until about the end of may. this is the time when you hide from the sun between am to pm. and the humidity oh my goodness it is also when the skies are just amazingly clear and blue yada yada… my point is it is about time to dig out those itty bitty bikinis pack the sunscreens (preferably with whitening agent if you’re filipino) and hit the beaches and boy have we got a lot of beautiful beaches in here. yes i am gloating.
some interesting quotes:
—eight days of luke by diana wynne jones—when the modern incarnation of loki comes to stay (on the run from the other gods as usual) his new friend david has to deal with ancient challenges to save the volatile "luke."
i spent friday evening with six of my closest girlfriends.
see that picture above.
it is not something marxists like to address in today’s world because there is a feeling that some nice solution has to be found for every problem in the world. even more to raise the idea that a people should not be entitled to nationhood to selfdetermination is one that is anathema to socialists that have imbibed the notions of petitbourgeois democracy of the type that leads to idiot antiimperialism. in order to understand the argument it is necessary to reach back in time beyond the discussions of the national question by the comintern back into the th century when these issues were discussed by marx and engels
she had her party at metro gymnastics this year. everyone had so much fun
the girls who will drive me places like the showing of top gun and august rush in the park.
row ) k p k accross
she set up the restaurant with ruth rogers in .
each morning i am astonished at how beautiful my little sculpture is. even better i'm inspired in new ways every day of things to do things to teach and best of all ways to simply enjoy the most amazing art ever created.
st mary’s church
anyways in my lusty haze on saturday i dove towards the tote to grab the first thing i saw and it just so happened to be my vintage toy. i had to crank my ahhem choke but once i had the ahhem engine running my vibrator blissfully revved the rpms.
 **dii. “the story of cain and abel.” the malcolm pitman sharp memorial lecture rosary college river forest illinois. (incorporated in item c() above pp. .) see item dx above.
pay $. get back $ rr
and how i will always think about it
i’d have to say edgar allan poe overall but oscar wilde as well. the picture of dorian gray is probably one of the most brilliant stories i’ve ever known and it piqued my interest when it came to the development of suspense.
one other oddball fact decades later one of the editors who rejected house of zeor (don wollheim founder of daw books) admitted he’d made a mistake rejecting that book.
now i’m talking about the age where kids shouldn’t really care about expensive gadgets like .. obviously pushing it a bit.. now days anyway..
just like stepfamily issues endoflife issues are incredibly challenging to discuss with your partner but they are critical. have both of you created advance care directives so your partner knows how you want to be taken care of if you can’t speak for yourself? (only % of american adults have completed theirs.) how about your estate planning? it gets complicated in stepfamilies. have you planned your funeral so your spouse doesn’t have to?
the game alpha protocol reminds me of the most? heavy rain.
gowdy cited the “rational basis” test – which involves the legitimacy of a state's interest in legislation – as well as the criteria of “intermediate scrutiny” and “strict scrutiny” which judges apply in order to gauge a law's relevance to fundamental state concerns.
you win …
our homeschool group has been growing like gangbusters and keeping me very busy.
. city of fayetteville guidelines for a façade grant
"vb's raise a glass campaign will no doubt find favour with anyone who thinks binge drinking is an appropriate part of remembering australians who have served in wars and it will raise plenty of useful funds for legacy but that doesn't make it ethical." (trevor cooke corporate engagement blog)
since coming home i have been doing so much cooking which has made me so happy it's nice to take a little break and do those activities that make me really happy. one recipe i prepared this week was a variation from the paleo diet cookbook by loren cordain ph.d. it's a wonderful cookbook because a lot of the recipes seem light and fresh which is the perfect remedy to counter those heavy holiday foods. i made his paleo tilapia tacos with some alterations because my parents don't like really spicy foods. i changed the seasonings to accommodate and added more vegetables as well. i also altered the methodology too mainly because the pan i was using did not allow for me to just move the vegetables over to cook the fish in a single layer.. i also didn't want the garlic to burn it was a really great recipe but what really made it even better for me is adding some lime juice on top of the fish. i think it really needed acidity because i'm trying to follow his advice and really cut back on the salt which can be difficult but necessary.
cos the mills are dead now mate
acrylic paint
this turned out really delicious and saved me so much agony over getting a home cooked meal into our bellies on time. the only thing i would change next time is the veggie to noodle ratio. i hadn’t expected so much pasta when i layered the veggies and so next time i might actually double the vegetables.
someone poisoned me.
many thanks for your lovely entries last week..... sadly most of you did not read the instructions and did not include one of caroline's digi flowers so could not be entered into the draw however those who did had the chance of some more digis from caroline... thanks again for them my friend.
so mr. martin? just in case you're out there somewhere...thanks. thanks for always believing in me even when i didn't. thanks for helping me find myself when i was lost. thanks for giving me a second chance. and thanks for helping me discover where i belong.
. january farm bureau:
been a few days things are a bit up in the air at the house of jelly at the moment so it's a card i made last week to show you today. it uses a combination of goodies from the new stampin' up summer mini catalogue combined with just as scrummy stash from the main idea book and catalogue. i've created yet another pop up card:
one thing that i’ve learned from them is that a little reminder of home goes along way. for instance going into the city and finding a store with familiar foods can bring comfort.
supine on the living room floor.
regulate your vet expenses
the emptiness of a pitchblack tunnel
hey philly if that victory story got your mouth whetted for pils...here's a chance to wet your whistle the german society of philadelphia is hosting their first annual bierfest next saturday february th from at the society building ( spring garden street philadelphia). i wanted to be part of this but had a previous engagement; it's going to be a great day of food music and beer.
i glued some pointy wings to the sleeves of the hoodie and drew on them with a gold pen. (vimae was planning to fly from door to door trickortreating; pa and i were careful to tell her these wings are just pretend.)
tweets and wings
link up anything you have made or your own tutorials. this includes all kinds of crafts (even foods) so please jump in and share with us
jimmy carter was shocked he was being attacked by a republican but after he thought about it he ate some peanuts and looked at his favorite playboy magazine.
food and oil prices increased by cabal
oh nerd love.
that evening we find jonah hex in clown makeup watching the crowd looking for the thugs threatening the show. he also notices carolee and starbuck doing some heavy duty lip locks behind the scenes. jonah starts to put an end to it but another rodeo clown grabs jonah and pushes him into the arena in order to distract the bulls from the bullriders. jonah ends up diving into a barrel and having a bull knock him around the arena for awhile.
. ta da you have a finished quilt top. now it's ready to quilt it. you will need batting about an inch bigger than your quilt top all the way around. i like % cotton batting. you can pick up batting at any large craft store or patchwork store. sometimes you'll find the patchwork stores have better pricing on batting as they use australian batting whereas spotlight stocks batting from the us which costs more (about $$ a metre). if you're just starting out you can find polyester batting but i really like natural batting when it comes to making quilts. it's washes and dries well and your quilt becomes softer over time.
. try the caring direct approach
i don't know how it happened but i realized it was when the lights came on.
i would do it all over again.
after the fifth i conceded defeat.
. place in oven and bake minutes until the white is cooked through but the yolk is still a little bit runny.
anacortes brewery
this is the third entry in my occasional series wearability wednesday in which i look back at a knitted item and see whether and how it gets worn. this time last year i knit a very cute skirt for emma using the carnaby pattern designed by nikol lohr and published here by knitty. carnaby is such a great pattern – easy stylish fresh and wearable. over knitters on ravelry have knit carnaby and unlike many other skirt patterns i have seen it looks really good on most people. people have knit it in brights and in neutrals in tweeds and in variegated yarns; they have knit it in many lengths from super short to knee length.
webster's pages letter stickers
our safeguard is in the shallow things. we have to live the surface commonsense life in a commonsense way; when the deeper things come god gives them to us apart from the shallow concerns. never show the deeps to anyone but god. we are so abominably serious so desperately interested in our own characters that we refuse to behave like christians in the shallow concerns of life.
the old woman smiled this is how i used to live you know she said. 'petra motioned the old woman to follow her. as 'petra moved from the bedroom to through the hall dining room and stopping in the lounge snapping her fingers on the way. everything transformed. the dirty carpets turned into gorgeous wood and marble flooring wallpaper was repaired and cleaned chandeliers aglow and sparkly furniture sparkling clean and the air clean and fresh. the high ceilings stuccowork and paneled walls looked like it had in it's heyday years earlier. it looked amazing and just like 'petra remembered.
the popular rationale for the attorney angle goes like this: in the course of their work attorneys must speak often and eloquently. such a rich alcoholic drink — so the thinking goes — would both soothe their throats and relax the nervous among them to better prepare them for their loquacious undertakings.
and i've seen you at the corners and cafes it seems
“sutton here that would be the hard case roadblock i warned about. if you look to the left there is a chinese restaurant a dry cleaner and a couple of homes in a diamondshaped lot. they have managed to get several abandoned vehicles and all kinds of garbage like construction fencing and shopping carts to make a barricade around the block. the hard cases either own or have taken possession of the homes restaurant and dry cleaner. the restaurant is a chinese joint. the dry cleaner was once a drive in burger joint. if we get into a fire fight with these guys a few rounds of . or mike mike into either the restaurant or the homes might discourage them from pursuing further hostile actions.”
you will fly toward someday
so what this means to us is we are geez…. one big molecule?? lol i can sooo see the imagery within me i really have no context in which to write about it.
i decided to link up and share a few things about myself:
heart today. it produces in my life everything that it talks about and
 and whose name means ‘my kid’ had just one run in his native france finishing second in a flat race at pontivy in brittany. his trainer venetia williams then purchased the horse and later passed him on to vida bingham. mon mome’s first outing in the uk was in a decent novices’ hurdle at newbury in december when he finished seventh of . the horse had six further races in the season all novices’ or maiden hurdles without breaking his duck doing best in two races at fontwell when third and second. mon mome unseated his rider at the third fence on his chase debut at cheltenham in october but put that incident behind him and set about compiling an impressive sequence of results. in his next seven races mon mome registered four wins and three seconds before unseating his jockey in the scottish national at ayr. consistency was the name of the game in
"thank you i guess." i think everyone sam and dean have helped in the last few years could have said it the exact same way. bye scott. good luck.
we can just about bear to deal with you as it is. don't become even more fucking loathsome. your industry will collapse and you'll come knocking on my door asking for a fucking job.
these are just some of the issues you’ll run into when living with a skinny person. you can love them they can love you. most likely you’ll enjoy workouts and physical activity together but you’ll always eat more at the postworkout meal. this is all okay. you’ll get to where you want to be – in your own time in your own way. as anthony robbins says (never mind that he had a tumor on his pituitary gland which is why he’s so tall and lean…) as he says “at any time you can turn the shoulds into musts. you can burn the boat.” by burning the boat i think he means – give yourself no other options. once i’ve burned my boat i’ll have to get on the bike because they’ll be no other way back to shore. it will feel like driving a paddle boat sure – a slow and dorky process seemingly going no where – but eventually i will arrive.
o such for me o an intense life full to repletion and varied
hi i'm natalie. "natty michelle" began as a way to keep track of my favorite things and snippets of inspiration for weddings home decor and fashion. it has since expanded to posts featuring doityourself projects paper goods vintage finds and my daytoday happenings. thank you so much for visiting
today was rainy cloudy and a bit chilly which ended up being a perfect day for the first day of school. although since it was so cloudy these pictures turned out kinda blah and grainy. i think sister needs to come over and work some first day of school picture magic. how bout it? :)
but what is orval? is it the green lively beer they first bottle sticky with hop resins? or is it the older beer pulled from cellar shelves after a year or two of aging? this ale is austerebone dry and tart a meditative beer for a quiet evening.
the third and fourth ticket are for two jobs that will rotate from month to month. that is why they are on sticky notes in the photo so i can move them around.
also sprach zarathustra (richard strauss ): i first heard this when i saw : a space odyssey at the odeon leicester square with my cousin gerhard. it was stunning; i bought the sound track as soon as i could. this got me into classical music: http:www.youtube.comatch?volhkrzhw and also the ‘dawn of man’ scene from the same film: http:www.youtube.comatch?vuiippcwfca – the film and music had such a big impact on my intellectual development. it would take ages to explain so i won’t bore you with it
unofficial initial results from the first two days of egypt’s parliamentary elections pointed to a dominant showing for islamist candidates fulfilling most analysts’ expectations that conservative religious politicians could have the upper hand in next year’s drafting of a new egyptian constitution.
against the cold window
i always wondered why the mormon church was able to retain it’s nonprofit status since it has its hands in so many political campaigns and in the state of utah’s government and since it funds huge political campaigns like the recent california “vote yes on prop ″ campaign and so many other human and civil rights issues. it’s actually a common question: how does a notforprofit entity (church) give money for political aspirations and campaigns and influence an entire state or countries opinions in local and state elections and still retain their nonprofit status?
elvis beer could anyone have imagined? i think my mom and half a zillion people over the age would buy a bottle of this just because it has elvis on the label marketing genius? well... lisa marie's lawyers will be all over this if hits the shelves. they're want their profit cut worse than that.... it's esb maybe put a photo of the later elvis all fat and bloated call it elvis sloppy bastard. maybe they should hook up with samurai artist and do a peanut butter and banana beer to commemorate elvis....or just fill it with amphetamines damn.... the man was a train wreck
) fix my finances. a big goal and an important one to my mental well being.
chris get some tight jeans tictacs and start slapping on eyewatering amounts of that brut cologne you got for christmas.
although i went for a walk today and took some stunning shots of the beauty around me i am not going to post them here not today. if you want to see them please follow the link to my flickr account in the sidebar.
there is only one place to start of course and that is the emirates. like in an alpine butchers the stakes were high as arsenal hosted manchester city with both sides desperate for the three points. arsenal needed to keep their noses in front of spurs in the race for third and consolidate their top four place following last week’s defeat at relegation threatened q.p.r. whilst manchester city had to win to keep up with united in the title race. yet you would not have thought it with city’s negative game plan. in the past two seasons city have gone to the emirates and parked the bus for two draws but you would have thought that they would come and have a go this time around with the title race hinging on the game.
“the current agreement is unfair to consumers and to insurers as it does not offer the level playing field which we all expect” he said. “this situation needs urgent attention.”
other important info: it’s .″ x .″ with a flexible heavypaper cover very trim so designed to be stuffed into your purse in doled out during mass. but note the cover is not paperboard so don’t let the baby put it in her mouth. also there’s some info about the daughters of st. paul in the back who have got to have the coolest charism in the universe. nuns that run bookstores and a publishing company. how awesome is that?
i know when you are in your late ’s you think old is a far destination. when you reach and you will you begin to see where your physical well being is not as easy to maintain as it used to be. at and beyond you become more careful. it’s not as important to be on time you just don’t want to risk getting a speeding ticket. you actually quit running late so you don’t have to speed. (except for my wife). your priorities change as you age. really? yes. you already know that. what you don’t know or are not aware of is the silent deterioration of your body. the parts that are slowly not working but not at a level where you would notice… for a time.
if i were fierce and bald and short of breath
the gunmen are believed to have returned hours later to attack another homeowner in the same complex where they held him and his family up robbing them of jewellery money and cellphones.
although this book was sad it ended with a feeling of hope. mayhew creates a solid main character and maintains a clear voice throughout. she certainly nailed both the comingof age tensions and the racialrelations tensions of a time in american history (the 's). thankfully the story remained front and center and carried the book.
a snap of my fave little hen at the moment. she is so sweet but very clucky a lot of the time. i'm thinking she is a silkieekin cross. any thoughts on that fellow fowl owners?
finally at am still staring at my computer screen mind you waiting for the stream of energy to flow words out of my fingers… i gave in and decided maybe a bath with help it all… coffee sure isn’t doing a thing
several microbrewers make bourbon barrel stout or employ used bourbon barrels in other ways. bourbon barrel foods in louisville ages soy sauce and other products in them. a cigar company in kentucky ages its tobacco in them.
my apologies dear readers.
next thing you know it was time to meet up with sarah and robert for our cinco dinner
not only that but isaiah : was actually fulfilled in isaiah with the birth of isaiah's son mahershalahashbaz so was it wrongly quoted in matthew? no. this was one example of the typological correspondences described in this case between the birth of one child and the birth of the messiah.
all of that instead of realizing we created it and now we are ready to create the next new thing. which we create ucky if we are still hauling around all the garbage of yesterday instead of just taking out the good parts and trashing all the rest of it… this includes unknown habits thoughts we continuously think and express like a computer stuck on rebooting because the computer is full and needs more memory. this is easily accomplished by deleting old files then dumping the recycle bin saving the good stuff and updating the computer with more memory or a new computer.
i almost skipped this recipe but reading through the list of intriguing ingredients i though i gave it a try. glad i did because it tasted delicious the aroma of spices were really bring joy in the kitchen. don't be discourage by the use of peppercorn on this recipe. despite its name this classic german christmas cookies is not too peppery. and that is a good thing because like (probably) most of you i'm not that fond of mixing peppercorns for sweet treat and very much prefer to reserve it for savory treat.
i have hope for our reunion and believe (when it comes) that we will all be happy. uncle herbert has sent me letters (a letter?). i understand that zelda had sent you a letter and made you happy just at the new year.
such a strong southern korean accent they had to put translation on the bottom. of course i understand the whole thing. in fact i used to talk like that.
thembile sonono of monwabisi park said last year they handed over a rapist to harare police.
speaking about trust we need to highlight that trust is connected with faith. how can we say that we believe god when we cannot trust him? that’s why it’s written that when we believe we do not doubt. all is connected they link to each other
on an unrelated note due to some tweaks to my plans for the rest of the nonagency trilogy i've dropped the price of 'heaven can wait' to cp. the changes have already gone through at smashwords and should resolve at amazon sometime tomorrow (amazon have already bunged a big discount on it for some reason). buy it i promise it's good
the problem with a magazine staffing only "their kind" is that only the viewpoint shared by this elitist group makes it into the editorial content. this isn't limited to their narrow sense of fashion and taste but also how they view the world at large. it may well be naïvety rather than malice behind such editorial gaffes but the message that is received is nonetheless very offensive.
on the first tuesday in august next. will be sold before the court house door in the town of troupville lowndes county between the usual hours of sale the following property to wit:
last thursday i went to see bruno at the cineworld in trocadero with my sisterfriend who i've known since uni (but feels like forever). the film is funny in parts but its disgusting elements outweigh the comedy for me. i much preferred borat as it was new and different. bruno seemed very much similar in plot and structure. disgraced foreign tv personality seeks new life in america accompanied by trusty sidekick who he later falls out with and is reunited with. nonetheless it was nice to catch up with t and have a laugh. she is also an lpc student and just got awarded a distinction woot
when i look at a bag i look inside and look to see how many compartments there is. the reason that i do this is because i am someone who likes compartments inside a bag so that everything that lives or goes in my purse has a home.
no new hindi film has been released in the multiplexes since april causing film exhibitors and distributors a loss of rs crore. as a result almost half of the multiplex screens across the country have been closed by the multiplex chains in order to control their costs. bollywood producers also incurred losses running into hundred of crores.
released may .
facebook contest
join the battle
every night i returned to my hotel room totally exhausted but with my mind overflowing with great ideas and wonderful memories. after all what could be better than five days with librarians and sisters in crime?
guinsoo: hasn’t he?
if i read something funny i laugh out loud or giggle; if i read something thoughtprovoking i may research it and even write about it myself or raise awareness verbally because i feel it is a worthwhile issue; if i read something poignant the tears just naturally fall. it’s always the feelings that i am left with. no matter what i see hear or what others say. i suppose this is where actions speak louder than words but that’s a whole other topic.
stats to make an icelander happy
a personal relationship means a relationship of response and awareness. a blade of grass receives its energy from hashem. it cannot exist for even a split second without hashem’s will giving it life. yet the grass does not have a real relationship because it cannot respond. it receives but all it gives back is its existence. there is no difference between one blade of grass and another. hashem doesn’t respond to each one individually. there is no such thing as a righteous blade of grass who deserves lots of rain and sunshine or a wicked blade of grass who has made major life mistakes. this is called hashgacha klalit which means awareness without any involvement.
concealer a university students best friend latelydue to the sudden onset of exams my appearance seems to have taken a turn for the worse. basically i look like death the one thing that i believe has been helping my poor little tired eyes is none other than my trusty old mac select moisturecover concealer in the shade nc. now i have to state that i do not have terrible dark circles under my eyes at least not yet. but with the amount of caffeine i consume lack of sleep and staying up till the wee hours of the morning this concealer goes a long way.
stick horses: i do not sew but i really loved the idea of the kids having a stick horse and decorating it themselves. i found this idea on this blog but i did not want to mess around with pvc pipe. i found another similar idea but the woman used yard sticks for the stick of the stick horse. here is what i did. i found a horse head template downloaded it to my computer blew it up and printed it out as large as i could on a *" paper. i traced it onto posterboard and cut it out. that first cutout was my template to trace the rest of the ponies. of course you have to trace and cut twice for each pony you will make. i simply bought wooden spindles from joannes fabric (around cents each) once i had all my horse heads cut out i hot glued the spinle onto one horse head. then i hot glued the two sides of the horse heads together. next i used a hole punch to make the hole where i thought a bit would be and threaded inexpensive twine thru for the reigns. easy each table had crayons markers and googly eyes for decorating. i could not believe how big of a hit this was kids from years old all loved decorating and playing with these yay
photographer: robert mclaughlin
one group of canadians have celebrated national beaver day on the last friday in february since . they are the nova scotia association of architects a club of builders any beaver could appreciate.
* keep the sensitive portions of the encryption process (your private key) tucked away… as this is one of the more fruitful ways for someone to break encryption (compromising private keys)
. books for children to read since there will be no tv or internet and they will be frightened. recommend lightlythemed books with happy endings.
recording quality: b (pretty good for this era
a demain mes amis thank you for reading me
mix cup soy milk with tapioca flour stir until blended and set aside. combine remaining soy milk and sugar saucepan and bring to a boil. remove from heat add tapioca mixture and vanilla essence. place in fridge to cool completely it takes a few hours.
i like reading your blogs about the minutia of life. i like reading your rants. sometimes i agree sometimes i don't.
on modern os maps nowhere is recorded as ‘wolf hole craig’. however there are other possible sites for ‘woolfholecraig’ among the placenames which contain the ‘wolf’ element.
i am so excited to finally tell you all about her and our little endeavor.
anika bowles
. zoot allures (:)
once i got in i began to regret my decision to join the group. everyone in the class was either a junior or senior and i am a lowly freshman. here i am invisible i wasn’t part of any group within the class and i was just too shy to ever buddy up to anybody within the class so i was pretty much always sitting alone in my chair. i’d wait for the next song and either enjoy what we were singing or just wait for it to get over. a skill only kids like me were really good at.
the precise recipe of cacolac has not changed one iota since and it is claimed that the secret lies in the choice of its raw ingredients coupled with the way the cocoa and milk are blended and the sterilisation methods which are applied. what has changed though is the cacolac production facility itself (pictured above) which since has been based in léognan kilometres to the south of bordeaux a location chosen apparently because it offers easy access to abundant sources of the highquality groundwater necessary for the cacolac manufacturing and sterilisation process. the plant now employs a strong workforce and produces of the distinctive brown bottles and cans each year.
one tough little plant that i may have underestimated in my garden is the strawberry begonia. it's also known as a strawberry geranium but is neither a begonia nor a geranium. this little guy loves to creep around my garden and sends out little babies in every direction. it puts out delicate little flowers in the springtime.
the books have some pretty detailed sexual content and a lot of it.
right this is it for now. i love winx each and every time i watch it. (& i've watched it a lot). i just notice more details in each episode i understand the characters better i love the girls and it's almost the only show i can say which cheers me up % (even when naboo dies the strength of friendship between the girls is a positive message to take away).
more sacrilege was to follow though in the form of unrepentent gluttony. the first course was truffle gold egg. which arrived in an eggshell with a straw. which would be the first time in my life i've had to suck eggs through a straw. and i loved it. inside the delicate eggshell was the most ethereal scrambled egg espuma topped by fragrant truffle infused egg white then gold leaf. a refreshing start to the meal in concept presentation texture and taste.
firstly rights are a result of man’s rational nature. there is no such thing as “collective rights” since there is no such thing as a “collective mind”. all rights are individual rights.
you might be wondering why they all have blonde hair (or that three have red hair) and that none of them are brunettes. well that's because i was going with a valkyrieesque type of team. although i am rarely politically correct i wasn't really trying to suggest that blondes have more fun or that ... oh who am i kidding i enjoy stereotypes...using them to my advantage and using them to go against.
i'm excited to know there are other writers who have attached to this habit of writing a slice each week. it's a powerful habit. it might seem like it's not much writing a few words each week. but look back over the course of a few weeks and we find it is significant.
hi :)
(note: in spite of the curfew people are able to cautiously move around the immediate area with relative ease.)
it is particularly gratifying to me that this honor comes at a creative awards ceremony.
diane venora (bird)
more great images of kangaroos swimming can also be found on this website below. they are great swimmers but it is very unusual to catch them at this practice. i am so glad i captured one in action just below my house here in the rivers.
good morning. yes it's me again this getting quite a habit don't worry sporadic posting will resume again shortly ;d
that i can be completely random i seriously sometimes look at the things i blog about and think "what in the hell were you thinking??" i'm actually surprised at how close people get through blogging.
.which living person do you most despise?
in the pamphlets there is a story about a little boy who has had three relapses and everyone he fights and comes back from. his spirit is so inspiring it just makes me want to give and give until i can’t give anymore. then reality settles in and even though i would gladly give everything i own to help a child not suffer i cannot do that nor do i expect anyone else to do that. but i can give a little bit i can and have offered to have my head shaved to have people sponsor me for this event but also i am going to give some money as well. i am not well off i don’t know many people who are well off but i know i can give at least one dollar and i am going to give at least that.
first let me state that the rambam(and just about all of the rishonim) recognized that chazal were affected in their outlook on many things by the cultures that were around them as well as the harsh realities of the culture in which they lived. to whit the primary responsibility of kibud av v’em(honoring one’s parents) fell to the sons. let me be frank. in a subsistence agrarian society honoring(which practically meant caring for) one’s parents did not mean visiting them in the nursing home and bringing them a glass of water. it meant breaking your back working in the fields and then essentially giving a part of your paycheck(which was not much more than what you needed to live on) to your parents for support and sustenance.
he is quite loving and cute most of the time. last night was his vet appointmenthots. up on the scale he went weighing in at @#$%^ lbs. weeks ago h e was a sweet cuddlely lbs. it is official…he will be huge
him: “different.”
read these stories and then please come to south africa for a well deserved extralong holiday so that you may personally experience firsthand the harsh realities of the black ruthless south africa that you created
its my kitchen tea and hen night coming up very soon and i am really looking forward to it eek the wedding is all i can think of at the moment so it will be nice to spend some time with my best girls relaxing laughing and having fun. i'm so excited
i’d imply that america’s cities and factories could run on wind power and wishes. i’d teach children how to ignore the hypocrisy of condemning logging mining and farming — while having roofs over their heads heat in their homes and food on their tables. i would never teach children that the free market is the only force in human history to uplift the poor establish the middle class and create lasting prosperity.
interestingly both can also be product of an apocalypse nuclear in the case of the daleks; and that powerful image of the 's dalek comes back the petrified forest and what is that if not ranks of the dead? a potentially empty future.
sadly this is going on and being condone in the churches. women think it is okay to have that gay male son or friend and go shopping and talk girly talk. though the men despise it the men are okay with two women loving each other in a sexual way because it’s a turn on for them. they are curious if they can be part of the twist. it’s very displeasing to god people. i know this is not a topic you want to share or discuss. what does god say about it? if you not going to be a true christian and you going to turn the other cheek when things get uncomfortable for you then my advice is take off the christian sign if you not going to do god’s work
in passive
cain was not a mythical character as we are so often told he was a real live figure just like all the other ancient biblical figures. cain was the first high priest of bel (aka baal) hence we get cainbel or cannibal (afrikaans: kannibaal) – that’s right folks eaters of human flesh cain was in all probabilty the historical king sargon of babylon as suggested by a well documented book called “sargon the magnificent” written in by mrs sydney bristowe.
she is also one of the sweetest bloggers i've come across.
the mood for this essay was provided by donovan and “ferris wheel.”
c
so denver signed that peyton manning fella’ didn’t they? and he’s supposed to be pretty good right? so why on earth did denver not do anything to surround that pretty good player with some weapons to make a super bowl run in the two or three seasons he has left in the league? instead they drafted a defensive tackle who whilst filling a need was a slight reach a developmental quarterback far too early in the draft and the only semblance of an offensive weapon that peyton was provided with was ronnie hillman in the rd round who is still a reach himself.. especially when lamar miller is still on the board. grade d
"did you hear about the passion pit show next week?" i'd ask him. he'd just look at me puzzled.
when i returned home to the slightly more urban suburban area where i and my people reside it at first seemed a bit harder to maintain that feeling of my inner coyote. nature is a little less prominent a little less present but i looked out over my neighborhood (where i reign supreme but am a benign and beloved presence) and i closed my eyes and opened my ears my nose and my heart and felt nature’s presence even there.
seemed always to suck me back
after a long wait i am sure you folks have been standing around with your breath held and put your lives on hold to find out who the winner of our drawing is we have drawn a number and we have a winner do you want to know who won?
it’s been six weeks now since the exhibit was mounted and the boas are starting to sag. i can’t begin to imagine the kinds of health and hygeine laws such a display would be contravening in my home country. but here in france anything goes. vive charlie et vive la france.
they tortured me into admitting that i was in on the escape…and that my roommates knew about it.
just wanted to share my recent attempt at the challenge from "the colour room" palette # . this weeks colours are just devine and to have a fantastic example to help you get inspired what more can i say then lets get started
i also thought that all the books would be out at the same time. it turns out that only harry potter and the sorceror’s stone is available; the others haven’t been released yet. i was very disappointed because while it was fun to explore sorceror’s stone i really can’t wait until prisoner of azkaban (my favorite) and deathly hallows because the locations are so cool. (i want to explore the lovegood’s house and malfoy manor) my least favorite harry potter book is chamber of secrets although i’d rather read that one than twilight. so i’m hoping it’ll be interesting in pottermore. i was also under the impression that we would be able to see or interact with the characters. (wouldn’t it be great to ‘chat’ with albus dumbledore?) but we can’t. not really anyway. occasionally you can see the back of someone’s head. i really wanted to see these characters
as i said at the beginning of this piece it was a great weekend and everyone involved deserves massive credit for it. i'm really looking forward to next year i'm just hoping some people get a clue in the mean time.
 movies – we rarely pay full price for a movie – get a free sim card from orange on google and this gives you half price movies every wednesday when you take a friend. we also see a lot of free movie previews which cost nothing. savings are around £ so far this year compared to paying ticket prices.
in her overzealous defense of her colleague ms. ramanan entirely forgoes this conversation about men rights and their being left ‘remedyless’.
. understand the market area and the ratio between sale price to list price. in some area it is % and just because your friend bought a home for % of asking price doesn’t mean that you will. be sure to evaluate what has sold within the past months.
—but the transfer of ownership took place in the other member state in which copyright protection for the work did not exist or was unenforceable?”".advocate general jääskinen will be delivering an opinion this thursday. if you're lucky you may even get to find out what that opinion is all about because while the language of the reference is given as german the curia websites currently records the language of the opinion as "nil".
and in the barren wasteland that is the days before the exam results pop through the door many including myself begin to over think what our purpose in life is. i’m so bored and anxious about my future i find myself doing “what is your life’s purpose? quiz’s on questionable websites with adverts at the side containing blonde overly tanned women asking me if i’m single and would i like a good time. no thanks love. put your top back on.
to watch the trailer for the book please click on the link below ...
punk throws chairs into the ring before throwing jericho into the ring.
ashes to ashes dust to dust; the simple phrase that anyone can relate to the ultimate end of one’s physical body. in a world where children young men and women across the world have seen so much of death in such a short period of time many of us still fear it. it is the great unknown. the sphere of departure.
while large portion of thai people still prefer to stay “apolitical” there is an ongoing battle going on by major propaganda players to sway this large mass into one or other political direction. there are full scale “infowars” and even officially announced by thai government “media war” going on. many alternative sources of information are rigidly being censored or completely closed many websites blocked and the remaining thai msm (main stream media) exercise a lot of “selfcensorship” at the same time fiercely attacking any rivals.
i hadn't met them in person before but talked a lot with catrina leading up to the shoot. i asked her how they met how they fell in love and how he proposed.
well a narrow field this year seeing as i hardly attended any gigs. rock 'n' roll eh? (though i did see a mesmerising performance of classical indian music in an edinburgh church a couple of weeks ago.)
thrilling and evocative with moments of pure pleasure hereafter is a sensation you won't want to miss.
(my head would hit against the window and wake me up. which was fine – except for the consequent headache – because i wanted my breakfast. i paid for it damnit.)
this is a direct assault on freedom of speech. that would be significant enough in itself but this situation is only partly about mr wilders and his fate; it's actually about all of us whatever our views or principles. because the dutch government is drawing its battle lines and actually transmitting the message that they will ruin anyone who happens to disagree with them. they may be the first but they won't be the last; this 'hate speech' legislation is now firmly entrenched in most western countries.
. it use to be hard working doors down from merrit's bakery. not any more...who cares???
apparently yes. a group of olderfolk were behind the young bachelors getting increasingly tizzied (is that a word?) at how slow the guys were playing. one of them bold and brave james alonzo hines ( yrs) took charge. he rammed his golf cart into the group of guys and smashed them over the head with his club. he proceeded to demand that they respect their elders. seriously. that’s not just something old people say in movies.
the teacher told me afterward it was the most impressive multitasking she'd seen from a parent during birthday story hour. i gave her a feeble thumbsup from the floor where i'd fallen after finishing the final paragraph about fossil formation.
before the night grows old
although the marian executions should never count as a lessthandreadful series of events duffy’s research should caution readers against one assumption: namely it is extremely difficult to determine the motives of men and women in the past especially in relation to such terrible deeds. historians should not presume that marian bishops and magistrates were bloodthirsty or sadistic whatever wrongheaded rationale they may have used to support the burning of english evangelicals.
the other day i caught toddlers in tiaras (a disgusting show where mothers who have failed to make something of themselves live out weird fantasies of wealth and beauty by forcing their little girls to traipse around in wigs and makeup applied with a trowel.) it was an episode that garnered a lot of controversy because a mother put her yearold in a costume with padded breasts and butt. frankly it surprised me that anyone got upset considering the other outrageous things they do to these girls all the time like forcing them to wear false teeth and look like cheap streetwalkers.
i’m not really a science fiction reader. i really like reading dystopian books but sometimes i fear that they’ll lose me with too much science. initially i feared reading this book mainly because it wasn’t like all the other dystopians out there. the story is about amy who is cryogenically frozen aboard the godspeed destined to begin her life on a new planet — years in the future. but before she reaches the planet her capsule is opened and she discovers a new life aboard the godspeed where nothing seems to make sense.
apartheid
... also i snagged about a hundred backissue comics. literally. issues now bagged boarded and ready to read.
so my mind is screaming — abort abort
we have an excellent café at st andrew’s volunteerrun. since i arrived i’ve been itching to turn the churchyard into a garden preferably to grow food for use in café refresh but as yet i haven’t done much about it. i’m the organist there and every time i’m there i walk past a southfacing churchyard with a few ornamental plants and i think “ooh we could grow beans and raspberries and tomatoes and lettuces…”
because i just can't stop at one project i decided to make a mobile for my little baby. everything she has is pretty much handed down so i thought it would be fun for her to have something that is just for her.
then paul stood in the midst of mars’ hill and said ye men of athens i perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious.
the study deals specifically with mutations that affect “segment number and polarity in drosophilia“. i would contend that tinkering with such genes is like randomly playing with the foundations of a house that’s already been built. especially since all the mutations involve the removing of segments. as a general rule major changes in the body plan of animals are rare for the reason that other things have been built on top of this and rely on it to work otherwise they become harmful. you can’t give a cat six legs – at the very least you’ll stuff up it’s finely evolved balance. it shouldn’t be unexpected that such mutations would be largely detrimental – evolution doesn’t progress in such large stages all at once.
as one of gibbons' contemporaries nearly wrote: licence my roving notes and let them go before behind between above below... but i couldn't for good manners' sake rove on foot during the service thought i've done so in many other churches. so i sat still and allowed my mind's eye to rove instead imagining how as you walk and look the clusters of saplings in the different aisles set to partners and then pass on the ribs like branches stretching out to join those of another tree overhead; triplets of windows dancing between bigger trunks; the arch that opens to a whole new chapel of variations; the path that leads you on curls you round the back of the altar and brings you to the centre again under the still pendulum point of the crossing.
my name is sora i was born the day the doors opened. my birthday goes unnoticed every year except by one person my best friend jessie. which is fine with me. this year i turn no matter what happens i know i have a job to do. take my father’s place and lead our kind into battle for the future of all. my uncle has kept my position until now but he will pay for his crimes.
the designer paper on top of the fleur de lis dis is " x "
i am still debating on calling this project "complete". i think the drawer and doors are asking for some decorative molding. or paint. but until that day comes we are in love with what we have done so far so so very in love.
i have also met some of the people with whom your sister is working including two mothers who lost their daughters to adoption one in a so called “open adoption.” i guess the fact that you lost your son to adoption puts you in the same category as these women. oh that’s right you still had him with you didn’t you? i guess that removes you from that category.
in a media release the complementary health council (chc) of australia emphasized that the tcm products featured in this study were rogue products seized by customs as they were found to contain prohibited and undeclared ingredients. the chc emphasizes the proficiency of rigorous regulatory regime around complementary medicines i.e. all ingredients used in listed products must be on the permitted list of ingredients. however australian regulations do not apply to products purchased online from overseas.
“satchurated d” dvd is # big thanks to all of my fans worldwide for making this happen. see you out there on the road”
but this week we have entered new phase of joy from children...the inadvertantly saying dirty things phase.
learning to say less
in other applications though reliance on doctrine can be restricting and dangerous. take parenting for example. gathering information ideas and best practices helps us open our eyes and minds to all sorts of ideas we never would have thought possible which is great. but when our choices become strictly dogmatic and unwavering well then things get interesting.
i have to say that this is a bit embarrassing to admit to you all. it can be quite intimidating being amongst all of you great design bloggers out there. you all know who you are... your talent is awe inspiring and i really just watch you all from the sidelines while living in my sad little apartment. and to those of you who i've met and have never invited over well now you know the reason why....
i looked at my husbands face a man who never show emotion and i knew his heart was breaking. he held l and squeezed her tight; he laughed when he asked for a kiss and she puckered up and planted one on him. he hugged g and told he would be home soon and he was sorry he had to go. he told both kids he loved them and to stand at the window and he would wave to them as he drove out. we hugged and he said “why do they have to make it so hard? i miss you guys already.” all i could do was squeeze him tighter and try to hide my tears.
i spent saturday night my last night in austin at the austin moose lodge.
and a pound of lemon drops.
of those lessons here's what i think is the most important one: be brave. and by being brave i mean you need to be brave enough to let go of a manuscript that isn't working. some of us are so talented that
you can get your kicks on route .
mojitos are my favorite.
these are the things i’ve tried to selfmedicate my way through the bless 
the echoes of beckett are strong. raoul himself is like one of beckett's tramps his doppelganger is very like the doubles in beckett's ohio impromptu and at one point he even hides in a dustbin appearing from underneath the lid like nagg from endgame. contingency is all and nothing in this desolately beautiful world is what it seems. and it's a total crowdpleaser: the afternoon i saw it a delirium of delighted gurgles from a small child in the stalls rose above the rest of the audience sparking more laughter. it's that kind of show.
it’s one from my fatherinlaw: “eat to live not live to eat.”
. see the collection of my eight politicalphilosophic letters on “iran: revolution and counterrevolution” written between nov. and sept. and translated into farsi by iranian revolutionaries. see also english translation of the introduction to the farsi edition of this pamphlet on the afroasian revolutionsby raha which was printed in news & letters augustseptember . of the many crises in the middle east the most horrifying is the disintegration and destruction of lebanon which began even before israel’s genocidal invasion. i am referring to the civil war. see my politicalphilosophic letters of especially letter number “lebanon: the test not only of the plo but the whole left.” (news & letters detroit mich.)
it is not just for journalists and pr people – anyone is welcome to attend. after all they let me in
showcases yearly compilations of the best media for young adults including amazing audiobooks fabulous films great graphic novels quick picks for reluctant readers and the teens top ten lists which allows teens to choose their ten favorite books from a list of current titles nominated by teen book groups. nominations are listed in april and then teens vote for their favorite books in august and september. the votes are tallied and yalsa names the teens’ top ten during teen read week in october.
) “no no no no you have ”
in colorado these birds are especially abundant around grand lake near rocky mountain national park. see them in action at grand county and prepare your camera for the best shot. if you love seeing these amazing bird scenes closer why not go for a hike during the weekends or better yet get a second home at grand county and be part in a community where wildlife is right in front your doorsteps. get in touch with the best brokers around the area like reax resorts of grand county. here’s the website of one their most responsive broker – www.grandlakemountainproperty.com.
unless he's been accused of serious corruption or doing something unsavoury with my council taxes i have no interest in knowing why he resigned. he had an office full of very capable staff who could pick up the slack if he wasn't up to the job. the hysterical notion that glasgow was in the hands of a drug crazed nero is as misguided as it is dishonest.
comic of the week
i mean after you get married you're good to gohappily ever after is what they call it i think.
in a medium bowl whisk together the dry ingredients.
lets begin with the main message and then move on to the reason why i feel like i should be sending it out and the consequences that are likely to struck you if you won’t pay attention to my wisdom (beware).
“i know” he replied. “but i didn’t trust you. i thought i could avoid hurting you but i think i did the opposite.”
white people protesting this genocidal hypocrisy are called “raceist”
a couple of weeks ago i left on a school visit that was a bit further away than usual. i had been invited to the mes (modern english school) in cairo.
it’s super bowl sunday i’ve got just a few more recipes for you before puppy bowl viii (who can resist puppies)
about what i remembered this beer to be when i tried it years ago. won't try it for several more if then.
since price issued his statement on december however numerous developments in the case have occurred:
breakfasts hot or cold cereal fruit smoothies muffins
this idea of trying to build a new society in the plazas and squares had absolutely nothing going for it. it was an implicit admission that you couldn’t change society that you had to quarantine yourself from it like it was contagious. as if by your lifestyle you could attain a kind of holy transcendence.
you'll notice i said "for the most part" when referring to the film as "the piper perabo show." well that's because the gorgeous mischa barton is in the movie as well. and when you share the screen with mischa barton you can never completely overwhelm the proceedings. first of all just having her stand there takes down your appeal a couple of notches. and when she speaks–you know actual dialogue you can pretty much kiss your charisma goodbye because you're about to get severely schooled in the art of quiet translucency.
and on earth peace to men on whom his favor rests.’”
i cant believe how many incredible friends this hobby has given me. you al are just amazing and i cant even begin to tell you how much you al meen to me and how much i have needed you along the way and how much you al have given me both inspiration love incouragement and al of those wonderful evenings and nights that we al have just been chatting around and having so much fun togheter. me loves ya al
sean: think about writing. okay maybe there is a little bit of time in there that i spend with my family. then i write about it.
during operation the module used less than ma of current and therefore can happily run from a standard arduinotype board without any issues. for more information please visit the product page.
but the conditions that made tv the de facto heart of our brand messaging no longer exist. today interactive marketing is ready to lead your brand campaigns for four key reasons:
scattered about the walls was a collection of abstract art that was both engaging and aesthetically appealing. i had nearly lost myself in a painting that reminded me of the beautiful wreckage found in many dead cities. that’s when the gagging and shuffling behind me snapped me back to reality.
. steph at loves to create cards i am always blown away by the detail in her cards. the fact that she cuts everything in white and inks it impresses me every time.
"say ian brutal former kgb colonel vladimir ivanchenko is in boston. shouldn't we go make him pay for murdering the love of your life and your unborn child...?"
:pm – “kevin and dayton’s catchall panel about absolutely everything” – this panel is like that drawer in your kitchen with all that crazy shit that doesn’t seem to belong anywhere else. during the hour we’ll discuss our current and upcoming projects kevin will dish on trek and other licensed property goodness coming out of hallmark and we’ll figure out something else to fill the remaining minutes.
. no vacancy
get it through paypal (button to your right) or email me (address on your right again).
madams were hired to oversee the daytoday operations. these women usually emerged from the ranks of older prostitutes with experience in the profession and the knowledge and skills to recruit employees and customers. in fact a few madams owned their own businesses.
p.s. the parkway
i concluded the con with the walk around the vendor hall and managed to spend more money than i had intended to but walk away with a fresh load of reading material. i’m not one for comic books usually (even when they go by the adult title of “graphic novels”) but there were several new (to me) artists there that caught my eye and i thought was worth a shot. also several that were selling actual book books with words instead of pictures. so i’ll be busy reading for a while.
mum and dad headed into the katherine museum for a look around (and said it was worth a visit and great to see the movie and photos relating to the massive floods they have had here).
farm has been very busy with visitors easter really heralds the beginning of a new season and ‘team balerno’ arrived en masse all of them for a week of island life. tractor rides out the hill to feed the highland cows and daily quad bike hurls around through the sheep interspersed with trips to the beaches and lashings of food and drink together with the ultimate pottery party (of course) and a good time was had by all.
on the health side of it somehow i think i should find a way to manage stress or relax the inner me. i have been on goal yesterday and today so far but i didn’t do any exercise at all. i should do that tomorrow because i know it can only help. i am only . kilo more than before my rum cake episode so it’s not too bad.. thank you for reading it feels good to write things down.
struck not by the shards of indifference love is but the mightiest might this i propose all bluntly;
i never miss a chance to slather on some lipsgloss and scarf some free muffins. do you? i thought not. plus it's just freaking cool to get to go places like the national press club. yes i took pictures of the napkins.
(not updated yet)
the strawberries are coming on strong now. i only have a few plants and the slugs get most of the fruit but this was a handfull that was unharmed and perfectly ripe. i trimmed off the stems and halved them and we shared the tiny bounty.
analytical dimorphism dissolved
after that day we started the process of getting a lawyer “christian”. my son was facing potentially seven years in prison. the lengthy court process began and felt like years. but in the midst of it all my lord and savoir had incredible compassion on my son. there is just too much miraculous events to write about. my son ended up with no jail time. just community service counseling and restitution.
tuesday night was a reception that we couldn’t make it to but we did go to the wednesday engagement (swayambar) and wedding (bihaa). these last three days (tuesday wednesday and thursday) are sahith which tri translated as “an auspicious time” so there have been lots of wedding this week.
worn out by the sharp struggle fast asleep.
the passat mid following the convention segment with frontwheel drive and allindependent suspension. go however is a reflex sporty premiumclass and serenity which proves that his predecessor was german to the bone. america is rooted in giving greater confidence handling passatss but did not pull and trip according to control.
sam and abby let go at the same time and will fell to the floor with a grunt. but he smiled as he picked himself up. "thank you my misses. it is much appreciated."
verdict: there is a good reason why bobby flay is a food network iron chef. he has the gift of adding a variety of ingredients to create a symphony of flavor. my taste buds worked overtime to process the zing of the pomegranate molasses the sweet of the vanilla bean butter the crunch of the pecans and the sweettart "pop of the pomegranate arils. i truly loved this dish. contrary to some reviewers who said this dish was too sweet i say that they took shortcuts that cheated them out of what bobby flay meant for this dish to be. it's colorful. it's flavorful. it's downright sexy. i will make this for christmas eve dinner for certain. brussels sprouts you have arrived in my love life
as long as the nets are allowing jayz to call their marketing shots — what a shock that he chose black and white as the new team colors to stress as the nets explained their new “urban” home — why not have him apply the full jayz treatment?
frieder butzmann is not a particularly wellknown figure in the us even by the standards of the avantgarde electronic music he's been making since the s but he's apparently something of a legend in his home country of germany. based on this new lp on which butzmann combines processed and choppedup samples of karlheinz stockhausen's voice with his own frenetically collaged electronic studies it's not hard to see why he's earned such respect. wie zeit vergeht is an intense and frantic record that leaps spastically from one idea to the next; sometimes butzmann's electronics form a deep churning lowregister drone while at other times sizzling electronic tones skip and splutter like someone's rapidly whipping a radio dial back and forth. stockhausen's voice shows up periodically sometimes modulated until he almost seems to be singing sometimes looped and chopped into rhythmic beats sometimes manipulated until it seems like just one more element in the chaotic electronic stew. maybe it's just that i don't understand the language but butzmann seems to be using the voice musically as a sound source rather than for its textual content which might be a wry way of saying that all musical touchstones no matter how important or seemingly serious can and will eventually be incorporated into the music of later generations. thus stockhausen's voice if not exactly his ideas finds a new place a new musical life within the context of butzmann's oftengoofy always engrossing synthesizer collages. [buy]
we moved on to some singing and action rhymes. little "r" really tries to sing the words and after the song finishes she is always still singing she also copies most of the actions and anticipates the next action in a familier song
with exams quickly approaching i might be a bit late dealing with this question – but work has been manic so i’ve not been blogging.
the espanol spoken in buenos aires is quite different from what you’re probably used to hearing. we talked about you and pronounce the y as sh (ie to say the word i do not say io say sho). che word we use much (kinda like saying hey) and good slang and hear a lot when you are there …
and...they handed us instructions to his workshop about miles more away. "he's waiting to meet you."
esposito’s thesis that the industry is currently in stage of a stage progression captures the essence of the gordian knot that most publishers are currently faced with. our current revenue streams come from old technologies and old financial models and systems – yet we need to fund new technologies and new financial models – for which we currently have few defined supply chain systems (and i’m using supply chain in the broad sense of getting a product or service to the consumer here). plus there’s the complication that we have little evidence that these delivery methods can be financially selfsupporting in terms of profit cash management or subsidiary revenue streams.
one more example. page chapter . ottoman culture.
this story is not for everyone danny isn’t a great hero but he was real. there’s a lot of groveling talking and crying. and if you don’t like angst then you will hate this book. but if you feel like taking a chance and reading a different story with a different take on infidelity and a cheating hero that isn’t a villain then go for it.
and a spattering of hardwoods
at mio elementary we are celebrating march is reading month and our theme is the olympic games. we have lots of fun and interesting things planned to spark our students’ interest in and excitement about the upcoming summer olympics in london.
the next day our "team" spent some time listening to the tapes of the previous night's debate and we found a place where they guy made the statement… sorta. the only problem was that he wasn’t actually saying what we had said he that he had said. in fact he was really saying just the opposite. but if we started the quote late and stopped it early then it appeared that he said what we needed him to say. so the plan was to dub the statement to a fresh tape and play it that night proving that we were right and he was wrong. and thus we could exclaim to borrow a quote from the old lady godiva story “horary for our side”
there was an upside to this it broke my pinning mojo and now i'm not quite as involved as i once was.
“son you is one mischievous devil” pappy laughed.
there also has been both growth and consolidation in the physician organization market the managed care information center studies have found.
it dated from a period of intense activity that had swept down along elk creek through tin pot valley a few years earlier. the oregon western railroad a southern pacific subsidiary bought rightofway for a shortline to connect the interior of oregon with the rich but isolated
apparently the highest law enforcement official in the land will arrest you on the basis of some liberal loon’s opinion. that is beyond incompetent; it’s dangerous.
matt: “exactly how quickly do you have to breathe before your head explodes?”
in a tall glass pour the avocado juice then add a layer of ice and then pour the chocolate milk. enjoy
ok on to the actual post. :d
. sean t’s insanity fitness: similar to px insanity fitness is such an amazing workout. i usually do this routine to jumpstart my beach body before mdw. it works if you follow the routine usually i do it when i get up before work. puts me in a great mood. sean t guarantees rockin’ abs in days. i always see a bit of results within two weeks. pretty amazeballs not for the faint at heart though…he will make you sweat
mongoose: ooooohhhhh.
summary: sharks often use the ”bump and bite” attack: the shark tests its prey by repeatedly bumping it. if the prey gives no dangerous response the shark begins its attack — biting the prey repeatedly and viciously. it works for sharks as it has worked for our leaders. now the bumping phase ends and the attack begins. attorney general eric holder explains the new order.
i was introduced to scrapping in like many scrappers from an inhome party. but i didn't scrap with real consistency until once my kids were a bit older and out of their infancy stages. :) as a graphic designer by profession this hobby has brought me back to the fundamental reasons why i fell in love with design in the first place : paper color letter form and layout. my style has of course evolved from those early days. now i would definitely say that i have a fun cheerful colorful and whimsical style. i love to layer pattern color and texture (especially with buttons ribbon and sewing). i think it's safe to say that i love to embellish on my work. :) i currently design for american crafts october afternoon and am a garden girl for two peas in a bucket. i've been fortunate to have had my work published in several magazines ranging from creating keepsakes scrapbook trends cards paper crafts as well as scrapbooks and cards today. i am from the beautiful state of washington but i currently live in a small quintessential new england town in connecticut with my awesome husband of years our daughter and our son who nearly .
“what you see before you my friend is the result of a lifetime of chocolate.” – katherine hepburn
allow me to introduce you if you haven't already met...
a few days ago we had a hail storm which caused a lot of damage in nearby suburbs but we were lucky and escaped damage. it was a very hot day and the hail was melting as soon as it hit the ground. if you strain your eyes you can see the hail falling.
a. matthew :
not quite navy & creamy caramel cardstock: stampin' up
the yearold first lady wore a short sleeve white kelly green and royal blue colorblock preen prefall collection cocktail sheath dress with asymmetric design on the top peplum and belted waist. the chic knee length frock was accessorized with earrings a crystal marquis alexis bittar ‘sapphire’ brooch pin (last seen at the state of the union address) and gold pointedtoe pumps.
the brilliant norwegian film "make me well" about me patient anette gilje can now be purchased with english subtitles at mediamente's webshop. watch the trailer:
now i've cut countless regular citizens breaks on infractions over the years but i don't ever recall one of them showing up to help us out when we needed it; i've never had a regular citizen pull up on one of my traffic stops and offer me backup or respond and jump in when i'm in a fight. but this sergeant had no problem pitching in to help us out and he did so without being asked just like lots of other officers have done over the years and like many more will continue to do. when the chips are down most cops around here don't care about the color of the shirt or the logo on the car of the officer who needs helpthey all respond and help take care of business. we're a family and we're all on the same team even though we're on different departments and we all share the risks when one of the family needs a hand.
he makes us anything we want the clown on the stilts. hearts or dogs or swords. whatever we can think of.
i have an entire bookshelf sagging under the weight of good intentions and untapped wisdom:
after morning tea we listen to alessandra talk food writing . this is the talk i was most looking forward to as it the part of blogging i enjoy the most and what i look out for in other blogs. alessandra is a great presenter honest & informative she knows what she is talking about and is happy to share.
due to the holidays i had to track down the results of all my heart monitoring and of course my pcp was out so it was a little complicated. but in the end all of my labs and the results of the holter monitor came back clear so it appears my little ticker is just working extra hard with the increased blood volume with the pregnancy. i was very relieved to hear the good news – one less thing to worry about
another question for another day i suppose.
elegant edges cricut cart heart @ " (oblong and shadow features)
march th – testing completed. i called the lab and asked if they were emailing the results. they told me that once the report was written up that they would email it to me. i was dying inside – patience has never been one of my strong points.
feeling a bit offkilter today since the moment i opened my eyes and realized it was the th. nora will be here in exactly a month. my pulse and breathing seem to accelerate with each passing moment only taking a break during brief intervals of distraction. i live these days on autopilot just going through the motions trying to replicate some sense of normal for my family and for myself.
why oh why did none of you stop me when i mentioned a bike ride with a sore shoulder???
me: nope.
at his upstate new york ranch jimi collapses after a recording session in his basement studio. he is rushed to the hospital where it is reported that he has developed hepatic cancer. false reports of his death flood the industry until jimi appears in january of on mtv with kurt loder. looking ill he is asked if he plans to do any recording in the near future to which hendrix responds “i have been recording and playing music for over years man. i think my body is trying to tell me it needs a break.”
trailblazer
whatever the case i’m here now and this is my world.
jean le flambeur is a posthuman criminal mind burglar confidence artist and trickster. his origins are shrouded in mystery but his exploits are known throughout the heterarchy from breaking into the vast zeusbrains of the inner system to steal their thoughts to stealing rare earth antiques from the aristocrats of the moving cities of mars. except that jean made one mistake. now he is condemned to play endless variations of a gametheoretic riddle in the vast virtual jail of the axelrod archons the dilemma prison against countless copies of himself. jean's routine of death defection and cooperation is upset by the arrival of mieli and her spidership perhonen. she offers him a chance to win back his freedom and the powers of his old self in exchange for finishing the one heist he never quite managed ...the quantum thief is a dazzling hard sf novel set in the solar system of the far future a heist novel peopled by bizarre posthumans but powered by very human motives of betrayal revenge and jealousy.
the turks however went the germans one better when it came to genocide. the germans at least had the courage to admit what had happened and to take responsibility for it. to this day the turkish government denies that any of this happened and there has been no real punishment or reparations for the crimes against the armenian people.
but i think the best way to show love is by taking care of yourself. i’m serious.
it would probably suck.
i continue to look out over the schoollike desks. it’s brighter in here. the walls are a little more friendly the fluorescent lights aren’t quite so condescending. lucky for them. what a great learning environment. there are a lot of peppy gogetter bodies in the room. noted.
perhaps there is hope? perhaps.
still in school full time.
bridal salons will generally buy select pieces of a collection not the complete one. find out if your local salon is having a trunk show for the designer of the dress you're interested in.
iqpc has recorded some podcasts in which speakers talk about their subjects. although these are obviously intended as trailers for the conference sessions they serve also as useful sources of information in their own right – i interviewed professor dominic regan for example and what he said formed the basis for an article which i called professor dominic regan on why the jackson reforms mean the biggest ever upheaval for uk litigation.
 pinch salt
this is one of those people i know better from my keyboard
apparently ive been asked to let my fans know that if they have been wondering what the future holds for me ....
tonight we had a large box in our foyer. the kids wanted to play hide and seek ... all three stated that they wanted to hide in the shower upstairs and wanted mommy to come find them. on their way upstairs they noticed the box and decided to hide in it.
in the photo is boram’s drawing of soyeon. in the photo soyeon has small face big eyes wavy hair and thick bangs while showing off her pure beauty. boram’s attention to detail and artistic skills is catching the attention of many.
baked squash and apples
oil for deepfrying
i can’t believe spencer is helpless towards a kid…
i'm sure everyone has a coloring book hidden somewhere in their home to color in when the mood suits and no one is looking...
 montreux
there are stories about bogus drugs and dirty needles used in certain areas.
well the time has come to say chau for now.
in this connection the year of witnessed a number of sectarian events. for instance on january a suicide bomber struck in the urdu bazaar area of lahore killing people including a woman and three policemen. on february a prominent leader of the shia community was shot dead by the unidentified attackers in the vicinity of peshawar. on april persons were killed when two suicide bombers blew themselves up outside the shrine of sufi saint ahmed sultan in dera ghazi khan. on july the militants ambushed a bus carrying sunni muslims and massacred passengers in parachinar. on july a prayer leader of jamia albadar mosque abdul karim mengal was shot dead by unknown activists in quetta.
that afternoon i ventured into asheville. i have rarely felt the same positivity and creativity from a city. downtown was a painting in itself covered with fascinating little shops and art galleries. there was part of a block that was sectioned off for construction and someone painted a mural of a verdant city street on the boards as though empty spaces couldn’t lie dormant and unused. i would love to spend longer there sometime. it is an energetic and powerful city that somehow came into existence in an intractably mountainous part of the country.
how to make the pastry:
 eggs separated
“if last year was a tsunami for the snp perhaps the tide is now going out on salmond”.
whew mirror is clear but now you can see the dirty dishes and strawberry hulls in the sink. and the oil rubbed bronze knob i was trying out on the upper cupboards. can't win.
the eureka optima az is a bagless upright vacuum which means that users are spared the hassle and expenses of replacing and throwing out disposable vacuum cleaner bags. in addition to this the loop handle on the eureka optima az provide comfortable grip and because the machine can be adjusted in different positions the machine can be used by everybody in the house.
to do with the other. once the boat finally makes it to guam the family waits until it boards a plane for florida where it waits again this time to be adopted by an american sponsor. chosen at last by a car dealer from alabama (who seeks to train ha's brother an engineer in the art of car mechanics) the family moves again:
that was never a very good argument. gaddafi has never treated the military well because he feared a coup. in part that explains why sections of the military placed themselves in the head of the rebellion in benghazi – many of these same people have been developing relations with imperialism for some considerable time. moreover the egyptian military was much more powerful than gaddafi's but it was neutralised. indeed it had been not only neutralised but turned in benghazi.
adhd is also sometimes associated with a higher than average iq. the reasons for this are unclear but if you’ve ever taken an iq test you know that the questions measure your problemsolving abilities as well as your capability to see beyond the obvious. since individuals with adhd excel at noticing everything and in making connections they do well on these types of tests.
and i really want you to remember that everything you work on in the query is stuff you must also do for the novel. yes you're saying the sentences of the query aloud. yes you're saying the sentences in the novel aloud. maybe not every single one but at this point probably a lot of them.
because of a particularly bad computeratemywriting experience whenever i finish writing for the day i try to print out what i've written and add it to a binder specifically for that story. now that my characters have moved back in time almost three hundred years i've had to give them new periodappropriate names. i've done this for most but not all of them. it's proving very difficult especially when a character has lived with a name for so long. somehow radically changing other fundamental things about the characters as a result of the temporal move has not been nearly as difficult.
republica ready to go uk
let's breach the bridge of years
it tasted delish and i commend it to the house.
if i am lucky he has probably made me unbreakable too.
nik t’ress stepped over the severed head of a twi’lek male as he entered the foyer of the koi pearl a multilevel nightclub nestled in the upper levels of nar shadda. his helmet’s vocalizor gave his voice a mechanical edge to it as he attempted to get the nearest cleaning droid’s attention.
*and uh this isn't really news since the ticker is right at the top of the page staring us all in the face but apparently bobbie is coming soon. i'm in some denial about that and feeling eager to finish winding up my affairs at work and nesting at home so that i feel ready. but i suspect you never really feel ready for number two.
well not really but i was thinking about it dadgummit what is up with this day????
towles’s prose is as silken and smooth as the gin martinis his characters endlessly imbibe. but unlike their attitudes it’s not glib or slick although some of the dialogue gets a bit clichéd. instead he uses words sparingly and with precision which imbues the reader with a feeling of being enveloped in a different era.
that’s right marvel prez bill jemas and eic joe quesada hatched a test for the might marvel maestros: since you are the best artists and writers in the biz we challenge you to tell a story using visuals only. after all if a picture is worth a thousand words then a comic book filled with images only would be worth…well more words than the collector could count.
how wrong can you be? there i was in the car park of tesco loading some san miguel into the boot of the car and before you know it a sack was thrown over my head and i was bundled into the back of a ford transit. who are you? what do you want? i cried with fear in my voice as i heard and felt the van speed away.
 ava woke up this morning and when she didn't see emerie right away she started asking "emmm?" until she saw emerie then she started squealing and yelling "emmm". it pretty much made my day what a great way to start your morning
poor squirt kept coming in to see if buzz was ready to play. he also made him little lego designs and some christmassy pictures to cheer him up.
so what have i learned? i know what is hurting inside me now… and that is i miss the true innocents of my mothers love. i realize now though that sometimes you can never go home.
now and then i check through the links in my sidebar under "other links to explore" to make sure they are still working and also to see what's new within those sites. i was exploring the reasons to believe link and came across this very interesting set of photos each of which features a brief summary about god's incredible creation and a link to a more detailed article. if the amazing discoveries of science fill you as they do me with wonder and awe at the intricacy and beauty of the universe and you find the intersection of science and faith increasingly fascinating i encourage you to click the link above and take a look.
ian hoerig finished th in the meters
telling is a form of writing itself...
it’s nice to see some good music featured on a major channel at prime time long may it continue.
so you may be asking yourself what did liz think of the film? she enjoyed it. she laughed out loud at parts. she also agreed with me that in many instances the dialogue and story connect on a much more personal emotional level than kevin’s work is really ever given credit for doing. however she was recovering from a pretty major bout of illness so she wasn’t overly talkative about her feelings on the film. though if i had to guess from her reactions her favorite part of the movie was that there was a cat in it. though to be fair that is her favorite part of anything.
because it ruined your day sort of?
i also added texture to the wall...sanded paint that adds a bit of farmhouse personality to this powderroom. the color is delaware putty by benjamin moore...ultra white trim color also by benjamin moore.
after years of humiliation and failed attempts to win the coveted pirate of the year award pirate captain and his oddball crew take on the cream of the pirating crop – black bellamy peg leg hastings and cutlass liz – in a race to pillage the most booty. they soon cross paths with lovelorn scientist charles darwin who persuades the captain that the crew’s prized ‘parrot’ polly could be the answer to the ‘untold riches’ they are searching for. their adventure takes them to victorian london where they meet darwin’s sidekick ‘manpanzee’ mister bobo and the notorious piratehating queen victoria herself. it soon unfolds that darwin’s motives for helping the crew are not what they seem and the queen has an evil hidden agenda of her own. the pirate captain must choose between basking in the glory of being crowned pirate of the year or staying faithful to his trusted crew.
samosa
my involvement in the bc conservatives dates back before anyone even really knew there was a party in that name. in i was asked by the local liberal riding president to come help them (i was also on the canadian alliance board at the time) which would have potentially put me in a very lucrative position for any future political aspirations i may have had. my answer to him was simple – thank you but i’m not a bc liberal i’m a bc conservative.
a lot has happenedand not happenedin the last two years and some highlights are in the leftside band of this blog. a stall in work at the vanderbilt yard. an irs ruling grandfathering in taxexempt bonds. hearings on sports facility finance held by rep. dennis kucinich. the revelation of city and state funding agreements. ongoing battles in court. brooklyn at eye level. prospect heights landmarking. missing trees. a mysterious market study. new gehry designs. "brooklyn day." the demolition of the ward bakery. delays in the groundbreaking. delays in the projected arena opening date.
what made the atmosphere tense was not the pig. people make allowances for animal actors but not for their trainers who are expected to be good at their jobs. this particular trainer had a burly macho attitude and seemed to think the director was a pansy who didn’t warrant acknowledgement. he ignored everything that was said to him refusing to respond. other than to display his anger at having to take orders from a pansy.
and fully got wayward and went totally awol. “
authority and power are two different things: power is the force by means of which you can oblige others to obey you. authority is the right to direct and command to be listened to or obeyed by others. authority requests power. power without authority is tyranny.
(phil pringle is on the cmn board with the president of the ‘new covenant international university’. the president of the new covenant international university is ‘dr’ kevin dyson.)
first i filled my white pitcher overflowing with these fresh green snowball viburnum.
i'm very enthusiastic about this cover. it's all about the red and the render even though the door appears to be only pencilled in. there's good depth and animation in the composition of this picture. it all comes together perfectly with the title and the bared white teeth.
i don’t know how to do that quite yet. nell’s dark and stormy skies as she watches a squall roll in over new jersey. i see the comic book panels in my mind. i smell the rain. i wonder what she has in her goody bag. what pet she might have what dangers she faces. that’s where her story starts.
i loathe the computer as a reading instrument but i make an exception for short story reading because of the vast number of excellent online magazines.
it clearly made a great impression. the beer that evoked those memories wasn't even the same beer but maybe there was something about the house style and the concentation of aromas as i breathed in that set off that little memory circuit in my brain. the whole reverie probably lasted for less than a second before my conscious brain barged in shouting "whoah dude you're having a properly proustian moment". stupid brain.
the fist a standard deviation of space.
i plan to use mine for fridaysunday breakfast lunch & dinners hockey season has us all over town on the weekends and having hot dinner or lunch to come home to will save us from the fast food drive through
humppers 
i've always been a small venue girl preferring bars and pubs and outdoor festivals to theatre performances. i've seen jim cuddy at the horse shoe in toronto and enjoyed the intimacy of that and the opportunity to chat as well. and oddly enough seeing sean all those years ago at all those shows i never talked to him. last night it was like seeing an old friend and when i received a tweet from him this morning saying "carolyn thanks for rockin' the front row" i smiled remembering all those long ago front rows i've rocked in the past
it did make me wonder though if the lack of desire to learn another language is a symptom of the same problem that now plagues our political discussions. are so many people in the u.s. simply unwilling to learn another point of view or perspective?
this is one of the huge reasons it is important to teach respect being kind and good citizenship. you might be the only person that your students can count on. i know it is hard when we've been up since taking care of our own kids getting them off to school making sure everything is ready for the day and oh billy threw up all over the table to take the time and model the kind of behavior that we expect from our students.
paul's major contribution to the event was the first ever staging of burgess's only ballet 'mr ws' for which he conducted a large orchestra of largely amateur musicians. friends of topsyturvydom will know that modern interpretive dance is really not my thing so you may be surprised to read that i was gripped throughout by the ability of four dancers to produce a mesmerising display of acrobatic and inexhaustibly inventive movement to represent shakespeare's life and times. it was a privilege to talk to one of the dancers mélisande carré angeli at the conference dinner where she told me that remembering all the complex moves was simply a question of repetition. i was exhausted just watching.
in the summer of an obscure event took place in london that would have a profound impact on the future of orthodox christianity in the englishspeaking world. a seventeen yearold english lad walked through the doors of st. philip’s russian orthodox church on buckingham palace road (the church has long since been torn down). today he is known as metropolitan kallistos ware one of the most important figures in the contemporary orthodox world. his own worlds vividly recount his experience:
butter tablespoon
police officers have been a regular sight at the plaza but nypd spokesman paul browne said the protest has not led the department to assign additional officers to the area. the department won’t change its approach to handling the protest and will continue regular patrols and monitoring he said.
the taliban were quick to claim responsibility for today’s assault. but almost certainly others opposed to the occupation forces were involved.
i really dont like d at all and as a fan of sony it’s been disappointing to see the company push d so hard and game games suffering a bit because of the need to include d support. you could use that memory for something better.
thanks for stopping in and enjoy the rest of your week
“this book convincingly documents that what people want from our economic system is more time more equality more wellbeing and better health. people want an economy that is not an obstacle to social relations one that does not produce more insecurity one that allows life in a better and sustainable natural environment. in short people want an economy made for people.”—stefan bartolini università degli studi di siena author of manifesto for happiness
i will make with them an everlasting covenant that i will not turn away from doing good to them. and i will put the fear of me in their hearts that they may not turn from me. (jeremiah :)
i chase the woman from behind. it would all end if she turned around. if it ends it ends. and for that very reason i pursue her. i chase the woman from behind."
and this leads to the second false premise of internet dating: that choosing a mate should be a rational choice in which people carefully comparisonshop for partners. that’s the advantage after all of having millions of profiles to choose from. rather than being misled by our instincts on a first date we can calmly sort through the alternatives and find the best possible spouse the wouldbe soul mate who will maximize our romantic utility.
my year old daughter deeply related to debbie bass.every night she asked to read another chapter of journals of the big mouth bass. she couldn’t wait to find out what debbie was going to do next.
athletic nick has been playing sports for as long as he can remember and on a variety of different levels. with a history of basketball football baseball and golf as well as many others athletic nick has always had a competitive nature. but his biggest passion as an athlete has always been baseball.
but replace wizard with god. he does things precisely when he means to. now i think sometimes…as frodo did “you’re late”…but god says that he has the perfect timing that he has worked the timing according to his divine will and purpose
crushed by your father to call me your own
we had to find time of course to fit in morning tea with scones a light lunch a brisk walk back to our lodgings for an afternoon nap a brisk walk back to the pub for an aperitif and dinner. which was more or less a reprise of the previous night’s buffet. new main players in roast leg of lamb roast pork lamb shanks prawn curry and grilled trout. same supporting act of spuds spinach pumpkin and so on. not aweinspiring but close to as good as a buffet can get. the best buffet i ever saw was on the cruise ship the norwegian gem when anna and i were on our honeymoon. all the usual suspects as above but with the addition of about five ‘live’ cooking stations where food was prepared on order. a pasta station a steak grill station a pizza station and so on. oh what a trip that was…..
but i much prefer objects with patina provenance crazing chips. made of wood and stone and glass and porcelain often worn smooth by others’ hands cradled or or years ago by someone long gone.
please click here and sign up for a daily digest email of the booktalking blog. it’s the widget on the right that says “send me this blog via email.”
the family greets a man returning from office with a degree of surprise and joy unseen in other parts of the world. the wife (or the husband) welcomes the spouse heartily offering tea and juices for having returned unscathed from the ordeal of driving on the indian roads. this daily uncertainty about life keeps the family bonds strong and turns the soul towards the benevolent family deity every night.
when you go through the check out lane with your turkey and all your stuff for your feasting day when you cannot take another moment of your children's behavior because they are stressed from lack of sleep or the sudden change in your public parenting persona or when the person in front of you obviously gave up bathing for lent last year.....be nice to the cashier. be friendly and courteous. chances are enough assholes have passed before you today.
this was a fun project and i'm so glad i could leave a little bit of me on carter's closet doors.
on july i went up to harrogate to interview the bestselling authors douglas kennedy and sadie jones as part of the summer festival. it was the first of two visits to this beautiful and elegant former spa town.
the rules for linking:
and i would point out that the trayvon martinzimmerman story really faded once photographs of zimmerman in court appeared. wonder why?
you get restless
christmas muffins
happy new year to all our supporters btw
roux
.
you can ask anonymously if you want. there have been a few questions already asked in the comments section from the last post but if you have more go ahead and ask don't be shy. i will be answering them sometime soon with the help of a few friends. we'll be nice don't worry. we'll do our best to answer them if not accurately at least comically. you really can't lose.
for more information about how to get involved or attend upcoming events by the eames foundation click here.
when we fail to ask god’s powerful questions we cannot lean on his unlimited strength. i know that i need his strength to help me cope with the challenges of everyday. when someone says “no” i’ve learned to ask “why?” when someone says “yes” i’ve learned to ask “how?” too often when we seek information what we receive is noise rather than real answers.
time to sit back and stroke your golden goose france has a benefits program that will make your toes curl. the healthcare options are outstanding. being american i appreciate this even more. it’s a great comfort to know that the financial burden of being ill has been lifted. having kids also brings another bundle of joy tax reductions and government checks
"i know honey. i would too".
he followed us on our holiday travels 
i thought that i wanted kind of a mix of the first and second wall. ……i thought……..
curried chicken sauté
somehow i think that the following may day celebration was not for the 'working class' and an up market band would have been required.
the spread out and multiply to become proper hedgerows of large bright green leaves and sprightly purple flowers each year.
frankly the world would be better off with the conversationalist zombies.
 shadow medallion quest
 trudged
attributes: agilityd smartsd spiritd strengthd vigord
grandin does not merely describe she thinks about what she has seen she makes considered comparisons and analyses. it's apparent from this that grandin was a progressive and forwardthinking woman. her descriptions of american childrearing practices the schools she visited the treatment and behavior of women all show this. "this tendency toward social mobility is certainly one of the american virtues that i appreciate the most. nothing is worse than for an intelligent person to be boxed in and limited. nothing is worse than being stuck as only a sense of powerlessness silliness and stupidity can come from caged rats."
sec. . docket and other lawful fees; proof of service of petition. – unless he has theretofore done so the petitioner shall pay the corresponding docket and other lawful fees to the clerk of court of the supreme court and deposit the amount of p. for costs at the time of the filing of the petition. proof of service of a copy thereof on the lower court concerned and on the adverse party shall be submitted together with the petition.
“you never try” he voiced out casually even as he stared at her intently.
the very first sentence was;
morello: well now what?
here's a card i made a few weeks ago using an image and caption from tlc creations.
brandon marshall was traded to the bears yesterday. as a bears fan that makes me happy. as a fan of people who are completely out of their mind that makes me very happy.
this opens up another issue that i will touch on briefly: the lack of actual purebred “american pit bull terriers” out there. the majority of pit bulls around the country are mixed breeds which is why i like to refer to them as “pit bull type dogs”. this is much more vague and makes no definitive assumptions when referring to a dog’s genetic makeup.
the witch is wrong lindy is wrong beast is wrong. they got it all wrong
you can break the unhealthy fast food habit: educate yourself about the true ingredients of fast food items plan ahead for your meals carry healthy snacks like nuts to ward off hunger and cook healthy chicken recipes at home. convince yourself that fast food is the most disgusting stuff on the planet and is harmful to you and to those you love. after reading this that shouldn’t be too hard.
the following year egypt adopted a constitution that instituted a bicameral legislature to which all members of the house of representatives and three fifths of the senate would be elected. fouad retained many powers which he used frequently to dissolve the parliament. in he instituted a new constitution that severely limited the parliamentary power but popular dissatisfaction forced him to restore the constitution a year before his death in .
but you realize that the complexity of the local architecture especially in the markets and casbahs – which any labyrinth aficionado would fall in love with right away (i fell in love right away) – is not only a kind of terrestrial tactic i.e. keeping small pieces of the planet (sand) out of the inner rooms it's also a philosophical response to the utterly gigantic north african landscapes collapsing all over themselves ground down to sandy fissures in the distance: you want to control space and limit the perimeter. keep the walls close.
“you cannot discover new oceans unless you have the courage to lose sight of shore.” admiral rickover
i'm passing it along to a few ladies that i consider treasures. i think they have both gotten some other awards but certainly deserves more
can you tell i'm already procrastinating?
so far expect the following (these are the ones that bit so far):
"yes sergeant. i'm calling to complain that one of your officers wrote me a ticket for parking an a handicapped space this morning."
instead of affirming their righteous and just cause the government sent thugs in police uniforms to beat up innocent people fire tear gas and water cannons at them in the worst case of police brutality the nation has ever seen.
capital of syria.
having kept vara siddhi vinayaka devata in mind
more numerous of windows –
sleep in different beds
here are a few ideas:
this morning one of my facebook friends asked did anyone have a trick for peeling eggs. there were comments: how long to boil it how old the egg is cool it in ice water peel it under running water roll it around the counter etc. there was only one other one besides me who knew the trick. her name was oma which i think means grandmother.
there was a pause the gardener's question came as incisive as a scalpel... "are you happy with the way it is now?"
read the rest of the article – there are some great tips in there and it’s just great to have some insight into a wellloved author’s writing style and thoughts.
the great news is that on saturday i felt a small bit of pain at the bad spot on my leg in the beginning of the race and running up the major hill but after that i didn't notice it. i kept waiting for it to kill the next day but it didn't. then the miracle. i ran miles on monday and i felt nothing no pain no twinges. nothing.
legs and a spot
how much strength do you want in your espresso? the stronger the flavor of the bean the stronger your drink will be. the more the caffeine in the bean the more the caffeine in the espresso. it is important to remember that espresso comes in shot sizes. if you want a more powerful drink you cannot look at the coffee bean. you simply need to add an extra shot of espresso to your drink.
thank you all for your wonderful "leave" summer entries now why do those leaves look so gorgeous on cards and not scattered all over my yard? ;)
confirmation update #: damaging winds hail and possible tornadoes in the springfield mo immediate area — miles or less:
above the sky of the sertão a bleak weary sun shines down and bleaches the soil to the color of bone. a few scant leafless trees jet rebelliously from the ground only to be embalmed by the shimmering heat. in this place located in the northeastern reaches of brazil the black blood of african slaves and mulattos is diluted by whites and the fossils of amerindian society. theirs is a desperate feudal society ruled by a tiny class of white land owners wielding dictatorial powers. on the sertão cattle form the lifeblood of society and prove to be the only separation between sustenance and starvation. is it any wonder then that a man is willing to die and kill for his cattle? that is how we find ranch hand manuel at the beginning of glauber rocha’s black god white devil. when his boss tries to cheat him of his cattle after four of his herd die of snake bites manuel strikes back killing him. and so manuel his wife rosa and their newborn child must flee. theirs will be a deadly and bizarre journey of mythic and mystical proportions in glauber rocha’s black god white devil.
(it is important to remember that in nhs statistical terminology “elective caesarean section” includes planned caesarean sections carried out for medical reasons – i.e. not simply at the patient’s option. i suggest however it is reasonable to assume that those who require caesarean sections for medical reasons are by and large already receiving them. moreover i suggest that the % elective rate already includes a proportion of patients who have chosen to have a caesarean section for nonmedical reasons but that we must recognise that such choice currently requires the support of the obstetrician.)
this summer i plan to head out on the long road.
her legs trembled and she forgot all about dr. dante the pistol and even abby. "eli." her voice came out in a croak.
and when the husband and the nightstand aren't reminding me of my mortality my daughter's happy to help as she did the other day:
much better that they have the opportunity to see the sights of the palace than me. i can always come back.
there are those closer to the top of the organisation who have a very fuzzy hole ridden argument about why the new wave of keg beer should not be credenced:
he gets down on his knee.
. a little one
» – philadelphia pa @ wachovia center
wisconsin rapids’ cellphone ban goes into effect this weekend but authorities say it is more about educating people than about issuing citations.
i am feeling pretty good about my self. i adore my partner just like i did when we first met which is a breeze compared to the emotional upheaval the last weeks. this feels just right like “normal” life.
i'm slowly catching up with all of you writers....boy give a girl a few days off and you write over blogs between the lot of you.
and some of us probably think that we don't really ever do any of those things. we might think that the calling to help other people is reserved to people with hearts larger than ours to people with a capacity for patience and love far beyond what we feel capable of giving. we may feel powerless to really impact the world in any way that we simply need to focus on ourselves and our families and trust that we'll make it through with our spirits relatively intact. we may feel to afraid too weak too insignificant too useless to make a difference.
in other reality ..
. dependency on the state or state benefits
not often. the internet continues to amaze me with new things like this.
so i got both.
*movement?:yep now i feel it all the time...this baby is a very busy little one...
 formal wear & costume rental
so never ones to be beaten by a lack of hickory (or whatever the missing ingredient happens to be) the chefs decided to trial smoking whole pomfret (a type of fish) using the bark of gum trees.
and he isn't a shopper..so it's not like he's going to walk into walmart to see that big floral sign reminding him that mother's day is sunday
i think a lot christians have the feeling that the resurrection life will be a never ending worship service. let me be honest with you. i am a pastor and that thought does not excite me. don’t get me wrong i love to worship the lord with other believers. but i also love to fish to hike and come around the corner of ridge to a new vista i’ve never seen before. i love to just hang out and laugh with my family and close friends. i like to write and read and experience moving stories. i believe amazing worship will be part of our experience of resurrection life. but i think there will also be so much more.
mr. g. kingsworth that has helped us some this winter is not expected to live.
the second possible event revolved around fielding an hq choice of points or less along with some supporting units probably or so points. the primary goal of the mission is for your hq to kill the other hq choice. of course there are some balance issues here but i’m working those out on the secondary goals and some hq specific rules.
if steak is your thing then mondys is a very very good bet. i was taken there by a mondys steak lover. turned out that the young lady new her meat.
in reichert's novel calvin is a medical doctor specializing in psychiatry who becomes involved in a project to use nanorobots for psychiatric diagnoses and who also befriends nate an android with a positronic brain. in other words calvin is a psychiatrist who becomes interested in robotic psychology. changing calvin from an engineer to a medical doctor allows reichert to make use of her own background as a medical doctor giving the novel a hefty helping of verisimilitude.
it is about power true. beyond that though it is about responsibility. to hear people talk you’d think sovereignty included no more than bathing in gold and stroking ones ego to the point of excess.
they store up
she is also offering my readers a % off discount this week. simply use the code "i love posters".
now on the surface the idea of a coaches registry i believe is a good one. as a matter of fact i thought that the lead organization of the sport in this country was already collecting this data on our coaches. i think that would be a tremendous aid in working towards the “ medal goal” in major championships. such a collection of data would be very useful in trying to match up athletes on the brink of success with coaches that possibly might be able to help them get “over the hump”. especially in areas where we have been absent from the medal stand for some time.
this time around we want you to bust out of your comfort zone
“nick” i said nudging his shoulder. he rammed into a wall and glared at me while he nursed his arm.
as you can see the order progresses from the basics (setting up your extensions and inbound and outbound routing) to the sort of things you might want to do in a more fullfeatured pbx. chapter in particular will be of interest to many developers. i’ll quote from the introduction to that chapter:
“airplanes flying through supercooled clouds around airports can cause condensation that results in more snow and rain nearby according to a new study.
i must admit that i was a little nervous at the thought of attempting anything close to the peach cobbler the first dessert of my project. even though the final result came out good my clumsy measuring recipe instruction rebellion and a plasticwrap fight to the death brought on a little beginner’s doughmaking breakdown. but all things get better with time so i was ready for round two with my rolling pin. lace up my oven mitts and send me in the ring.
ashley just had her second girl a few weeks prior to our visit. so it was so nice to see her plus i made the girls matching outfits for a gift
but when we went to bury park it was fairly clear that it was the local muslim residents who were scared.
after cooking a corn dog for bronson he was sitting at the table eating his lunch. i went downstairs to talk to randy in his office. when i came upstairs i yelled "bronson" when my nose caught a whiff of something burning. there in the microwave was a second corn dog with minutes remaining. not sure how long it was in there but it was plenty done and he didn't even want to eat it. can you imagine??
it is a singular but instructive fact that the desire on the part of some to exalt this sacrament as the means of inducing regeneration has led to a depreciation of this term by a lowering of the spiritual value of its connotation. inasmuch as facts will not allow us to affirm that the administration of the ordinance is followed in the vast majority of cases by any moral results that can be discerned it has been concluded by many who belong to the high church school that the benefits of regeneration are not to be looked for (at any rate directly) in the moral region; the grace that is bestowed is a capacity or potentiality rather than any thing that affects us consciously; it is the implanting of a germ which may or may not develop and fructify rather than the occurrence of a moral or spiritual revolution.
prescott farmers market
i am taking the clean and simple card making class from online classes (led by jennifer mcguire kristina werner and julie ebersole). loving the class so far. i wanted to share on of the cards that i did for day of the class using one of the sketches.
“more and more sales staff members were coming to me and asking for numbers for their newsletters and web traffic. we were providing a lot of information to our publishers who were then providing it to their media buyers. but it was very ad hoc” moore said.
then we got to mexico.
ghost : hey man how’s it going?
“your date number.”
remember that you can flip the sketch rotate the sketch resize it and make any type of project you like with it as long as we can see the original sketch in your creation we'll be happy
because i said so (and other tales from a lessthanperfect parent) goes on sale july th because i said so: and other tales from a lessthanperfect parentcan be preordered now. and i'm going to be giving away signed copies this week. all you have to do to be entered for a chance to win a copy is watch my video and leave me a comment here. over the next few days i'll be traveling from chicago to orlando with my kids to start our new life in our new house. i'll choose a random winner every time i stop for a potty break to get gas to get food or to stay in a hotel for the night during our trip. that could add up to a lot of winners
…yeah… that one…
the founding member of the prb dante gabriel rossetti is known for his works of art as well as his poetry which according to his most thersitical critic at the time robert buchanan belonged to the the fleshy school due to its amative and erotic nature. writing about rossetti after the publication of his collected poems buchanan yirred: “in petticoats or pantaloons in modern times of in the middle ages he is just mr rossetti a fleshy person with nothing particular to tell us or teach us…” but rossetti did have something to teach us by making his poetic work a critical mirror reflecting the image back to the reader and thereby inviting him to trace aspects of his own experiences and perceptions in the verses – a technique which was quite new in victorian england.
 images per month (images are yours to keep and use for noncommercial
“drink drink” he yelled.
i am staying really busy... this week denver co. next weekend new jersey
today:
they're not talking to bitter or stout drinkers but to people who almost always drink lager. lager has become commoditised boring indifferent an interchangeable. it has a loutish image. kronenbourg is positioning itself as a more thoughtful grown up brand. its french heritage allows it to do this because french cafe culture is slower and more laid back than british pub culture. how am i doing bbh guys? i've almost convinced myself here.
best to be dumped by though because they will leave and never come back. won’t do better though so you can laugh at his failure even if it comes after a long ass while. (cesc fabregas)
between them dips low
shut up and drive. that was the phrase that got the ball rolling (see my post called shutting up and driving). well today i confirmed my first cake order. yes an official order. i'm gonna get paid to make a cake granted it's an order from a relative but it is going to be her gift to a friend's son. so technically it's a cake for someone not related to me. yaay
skip of the
in a very poor rural town.
if you got to my blog from the follow thanks for stopping by i can't wait to check out the new blogs today if you didn't get here from the friday follow mclinky click on the picture and you'll be taken to the mclinky and you can find some new blogs too
the people can’t use it without using you. people how well are you
hi.
. liar (ballard) :
i ate in my normal way one dish at a time. i know this seems odd to a number of people including my beloved spouse. if it’s bacon eggs and hash browns you can expect me to eat the food in just that order … no mixing. in the case of the houlihan’s chicken fingers platter the proper way to eat is fries first – dipped in honey mustard sauce – followed by chicken fingers and finally the peanut ginger slaw.
. the nearness of you
blitzer: that plan work for you governor? romney: actually what both these gentlemen said is pretty much spoton. and i’d — and i’ll add a couple of things.
at the end of the week
two shielded behind recommended glasses
you must check out bunny's new book that just came out....
abigail lorick is currently looking for interns who are available four days a week for at least a three month commitment. basically a semester. she is the designer for gossip girl’s eleanor waldorf.
occurred on the st april is now subject of a probe in the national
after running it through the grater blade we had something that resembled ground meat.
i've been photographing miss a since she was a newborn and
aupres quads(on the bottom) gr(blue and green) pk(pink and brown)
i've got a huge slow cooker full of beef tomato and olive casserole to sort out now. i'm trying to get the freezer full of "ready meals" for the winter . tesco meat items for £ are items for £ at the moment so i'm making the most of it while it lasts.
you cherished the ones you loved
one of my favorite stories about talent analytics has nothing to do with talent or analytics. it’s about cake. well it’s not really about cake it’s about how the mind makes decisions but we’ll get to that.
and now we can
c.d. cal. .%
a simple life lived for him a simple ornament in memory of sara...a simple truth for you to ponder.
place flower side face down to dry (i would give it a few hours or overnight).
lowvoltage wiring is a scam in the construction industry. it’s easy to do it’s not even dangerous like linevoltage electrical work and the materials are very inexpensive. yet it costs more to wire a house with lowvoltage wiring than it does to wire a house with electricity. they can do this because people think of it as “hightech” so it must be more complicated and must cost more. so it does.
a cry of grief a cry of agony a cry of desperation a cry of hope
~jack horner
this is all very interesting not so say barking mad: we have a zone after which the currency is named which has a banking crisis that does not concern the currency at all although the banking system er is trading in that currency. well that’s alright then. but it’s slightly at odds with angela merkel’s view that if the euro fails the eu fails.
wait. you know what? i’m over being civil to idiots.
i first pitched the faustian host to literary agents and immediately there was a different reaction to this book. within a few days i received more requests for the manuscript than all my previous attempts combined. unfortunately none offered representation.
until someone decides to throw in something new that is. i now know this from experience.
and if so what does that make jeeves? but merlin?
i hope that being in front of screens so much less will make more magical motherhood moments happen or at least help me see them better. i had one this morning as i dropped the girls off at school. after the doors closed i heard noble say "i wanna go to school with my girlie friends."
(ap photoctv via aptn) tv out china out japanese foreign minister koichiro gemba speaks during a news conference at the ministry in tokyo wednesday feb. . the transfer of thousands of us marines to guam will not require the prior closure of …
. id. iii verse .
the global is the larger of the two models under development with a . ft. length overall and a cabin stretching nearly ft. from cockpit divider to the rear pressure bulkhead and providing a fourzone living area. it is designed to cruise nm at mach . with ten passengers. by contrast the . ft.long has a cabin measuring . ft. long and can carry eight passengers nm at the same cruise speed.
primitive skelly house brooch
would the mayor more likely send his message to brookfield through ms. taylor rather than risk sending such a politically charged message through his staff? that question has now been directly addressed by the times. the mayor says `nope.’ matt flegenheimer the times reporter who wrote the bonnie and clyde dog story has written about occupy wall street twice. one story was about how there is a flood of tourists going to visit occupy wall street who are confused when they go to wall street itself without realizing that they instead need to go to nearby zucotti park. his more recent story (one version of it with a shared byline) covers a news conference where the issue of teamwork with ms. taylor was raised:
hat:
i don’t know if most people see the left as silly nitwits. i’m not even sure fleming sees us as silly nitwits because he also says we’re outoftouch elitists in the very same article. it’s hard to be outoftouch elitists if everyone is laughing behind our backs. the “elite” label implies that we’re above everything. being the butt of a secret joke would be at odds with that meme.
and that’s it from lazard. there are other tidbits i was able to gather but the previous points where the things that generally stood out to me and warrant mentioning on my blog for further reference. i will come back to this later in more detail especially the liquidity point when i have structured my thoughts on the rest of the asset reflation equation. in the mean time top this appetizer plate off with a few other fun tidbits i caught while spending some quality time in the land of the rising sun:
do me a favor ok? bring this back every year. don't tease me like you did with your winter time sugar cookie cappuccino because where's that been these last two seasons huh? believe me i look and i've been disappointed. gingerbread is most certainly not the same.
i was a nature counselor at the local ymca during one summer and it was there at the age of that i met the first girl on whom i really had a crush. her name was michelle and she was only before i could take her to the ymca dance her father interrogated me—think the real archie bunker here we were in love at least as much as immature teenagers can be. we dated all through my high school years and then we broke up for some stupid reason that i can’t remember.
 adjustable strap to wear over the shoulder or across the body
he said the transition to democracy could be rightly described as a "boardroom revolution" to the exclusion of the poor.
my yearold sister has claimed this guy and i've already got a list of people in my friends and family who are going to need one. i think i'll be heading to the store for more colors of corduroy so i can stitch up a whole colony
yesterday she was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
a funny thing has been happening lately. opinion editors in deshi english media print and electronic have been approaching me for political pieces. i suggest an economic or policy piece they respond ‘yeah that’s good but how about (whatever is the headline that week)’. beats me why this is — it’s not like i have a good track record of predicting deshi politics. in fact i am not at all qualified or knowledgeable to commentate on daytoday politics of bangladesh. further i don’t live in bangladesh and have a very dim view of pundits who claim to know bangladesh better living in london than people back home.
the year marked the emergence of lponly releases as well as downloadonly releases (im not in favor of the downloadonly model but i have to acknowledge it). those marked with an * are lps and those marked with an ** are downloads.
. gentle
fell down underneath our christmas tree
i took it. obviously.
this bracelet comes in different colors you will get to pick the color you like
ladies and gentlemen nothing in this adventure is statted out. as the dm you must be nimble and creative and willing to put some time into it.
i ordered hubby a bind rune that he can wear round his neck which arrived today. it is beautifully made and he loves it. the picture doesn't do it justice.
please click on images for larger versions:
if you have a rough performance evaluation coming up the best thing to do is to prepare for it. facing a rough evaluation is stressful to say the least. thinking of ways to defend yourself may be your first thought to get through it but fighting that temptation will serve you better in the long run.
sometimes when we touch…dan hill
if i write about you maybe you’ll go away. i know your kind — i can smell you coming three days away. you’ve got the full moon written all over my face. why don’t you get lost? knock on someone else’s head.
multicat: a multiplicity of cats all in the same place together. (six degrees of separation the italian job let the right one in hellboy l'atalante)
today give a stranger one of your smiles. it might be the only sunshine he sees all day. ~quoted in p.s. i love you compiled by h. jackson brown jr.
and the old man is calling his sheep from the point on a table where the kitchen fork etched a circle
same goes for true love.
we are meant
a little surprise is hiding on one of the blogs today so be sure to leave some comment love as you “hoof it” around the hop. one lucky commenter on the mystery slop spot will be in hog heaven and win a $ gift certificate to hambo stamps
instead of driving straight dunn's river falls after lunch the bus driver swung into a shopping area (that i don't think that was on the tour itinerary) and gave us minutes to shop. it took closer to minutes for everyone to return to the bus. ten minutes later we pulled into the parking lot at dunn's river falls. the tour guide gave us a time to be back at the bus then let everyone wander on their own. originally tony and thought we were going to climb up the falls (and wore water shoes) but we chickened out at the last minute. instead we took pictures of brian and nicole as they climbed from the stairs next to the falls.
i can run but i can't hide
well to go along with my previous post designer elie saab seems to agree with my love for girly pastel pieces. his fall couture runway that was released on the paris runway at the beginning of this month included flowy dresses in pastel looks along with a white taupe bronze navy and charcoal color palette.
first of all it was very cruel of you professor z to post this knowing how many of us are graduating now. i was forced to look back on all of those years and wonder where in the balls did they go? it’s going to be hard leaving temple behind and reading ben jones’s list of tips for college was almost too goddamn poignant for me to handle. you could practically taste the nostalgia dripping off this guy’s words and now i have to face the reality that that is going to be me in a few months.
. sonny phillips proud mary (:)
we can divine this because the hebrew word for “man” (utilized in this same passage in genesis :) is entirely different. and one really has to ask: why would homosexuals want to have sex with two strangers if they were unsure of what sex they were?
one of the ways i used to waste time was to peruse the menatarms section in the world's biggest bookstore. it's true spending an entire afternoon flipping through books about military uniforms might seem lame by today's illdefined standards but that's what passed for amusement fifteen or so years ago. anyway the point i'm trying to make is that while i was flipping i couldn't help but notice that all the books on german uniforms of the third reich looked worn out while all the other books seemed like they were in pristine condition. and you know what they say? book creases doesn't lie. people love nazi fashion and salon kitty captures that love in way that didn't make me feel uncomfortable. i only wish all war movies were like this because i despise war movies that focus on war. war is stupid. fashion on the other hand is sexy and sexy always trumps stupid.
successful presidents don’t run “campaigns of distraction.” president barack obama whose economic stimuli failed to stimulate the economy but instead lined the pockets of powerful democrat constituencies needs to distract. a president — the very same barack obama — whose federal credit card spending has dug the nation into a cavernous debt hole needs distractions.
only if i close mine eyes and imagine a spark
pcc: nope. no idea. can you please give me some ideas then write the entire post for me while i receive all of the credit?
p.s. i’ll show you how i painted the cabinets soon – and what i did that you should not. :)
“what’s the point of all this if you’re not going to let it change you?”
the health and safety executive environment agency and office of rail regulation are looking to appoint a list of advocates to conduct their higher court prosecution work and other regulatory advocacy.
preparation
and king of the dirty sheets. i sit in the middle
step three: tease the hair that you sectioned off (your bangs or the hair in the front of your head) until its volume is to your liking.
the professor whisked me into a cab and we filed a police report. when the rhythm of acting instead of reacting established itself he called an old student—the police commissioner of arusha.
as you may have gathered the transition from gear head singlespeeder wasn’t quite as painless (literally) as i thought it would be but i think it was worth it. singlespeed isn’t for everyone but for commuting in a flat coastal city it’s certainly worth a try.
lisa read the maze runner. loved it. gave it to chris. he liked my writing but didn't think that book was right for them. meanwhile i had finally finished another book called the world sifter. lisa liked it but not as much as maze. she didn't even give it to chris.
) i'm numb to feeling things. i've taken on that "i just don't care" attitude.
in time of war or other national emergency the congress may by law authorize the president for a limited period and subject to such restrictions as it may prescribe to promulgate rules and regulations to carry out a declared national policy.
mike: that was wesley snipes.
late hang over breakfast of cheese and beans on toast – again. couldn’t face the leftover minestroni soup.
 more officially started my internship
cybermuumy was the most extraordinary day. don't get me wrong. i loved it. but there was that nonstop feeling of having to be engaged in lively talk and looking like you're having a great time. and that was hard work.
when the zambian wildlife authority had told us they would rather we didn’t try cycle across kafue national park we were hugely fortunate that the infamous chris mcbride came to our rescue. chris hails from natal and has loved lions all his life. his two books the white lions of timbabvati and liontide testify to this and he has spent the past years running mcbride’s camp in kafue a hub of lion activity. mcbride’s is a rustic camp of reedclay rondavels unfenced and on a raised bank of the kafue river. bushbuck impala leopard and puku are often in camp as is gerty a resident hippo who sent alex scampering one night while returning to our rondavel.
recognizing that the two fiveton military trucks directly to his rear were falling behind tanner dropped his speed. the convoy tightened as the two big trucks regained the distance they had lost.
this is not what i planned to write for my first blog but something happened this afternoon that blew me away. i am the viceprincipal of what i believe to be the best elementary school in surrey. the teachers and staff who work at this school truly believe in putting in the extra time and effort to connect with and get to know their students. they understand that this time comes back to them tenfold when students try their best. we are an innercity school and the people who choose to work here really work hard and trust that they can make a difference in children’s lives. it is not always easy. they may not see immediate results but they know they are making a difference by planting the seeds that will grow when the time is right. you cannot rush this process.
 tablespoons soy sauce
at just after midnight this comments piece by rebecca tyrrel was published on the independent website. it follows several other seemingly anticatholic and what some would call hysterical articles by the same newspaper tim stanley writing for the telegraph only a few days ago exposed the "slanderous" inaccuracies in one such column. in her article though tyrrel appears to draw an exaggerated link between the papacy and the murdoch family possibly in an attempt to discredit both parties.
and so much trendy kale
while not a devout believer in supernatural phenomenon philips has acquired a small bit of occult knowledge and does not discount the odd tale or eyewitness account that he encounters in his research. he won’t volunteer the stories he knows but if others express interest in hearing such tales he gladly fulfills their desires. the following are but a sample of the legends and weird stories that philips can share with investigators pursing such knowledge. each will be expended on in later articles and the game master is free to use them as starting points for campaigns set in the ‘wyck or substitute his own.
there is a trend amongst local authorities to comingle recyclables rather than collecting separate recyclable waste streams. this allows the use of single body compactor waste freighters which are capable of hydraulically crushing plastic bottles. the currently used hopperstyle vehicles do not allow the collection of plastics as they would rapidly fill with spaceconsuming bottles. the upcoming contract renewal will give the council the opportunity to specify that the service includes the collection of plastics if it choses.
since sidney was diagnosed with his silly string of food allergies a year ago i seem to have a constant catalogue of questions that only parents in the same plight can answer.
according to what i've seen on french tv there's no way they're letting you into that arena without a pair of florescent pink socks balletslippers and an ornate blue & gold suit that shows too much of your crack and whose jacket is an obligatory sizes too small. stray from the dress code and nary a bull shall you tease.
so i was out of the country for a few days last week on one of my occasional business trips “out forrin” and came back to dublin airport on friday night.
deloitte was critical of the shortage of broadcasting and editorial policy expertise on the sabc board: “the lack of non executive directors with the proper broadcasting industry experience hampers the board’s ability to discharge its accountability in this specialised industry.”
annie turned quickly to find coach dan who was two strips away from them working with kassandra then turned back to dr. schmidt with wide eyes. no way she said.
how did you start ?
because i can turn around and think i'm better than you for something else.
p: i miss all of you :)
a month ago i moved to boston time is such a strange thing because sometimes it seems like i've been here forever and other times it seems like i just got here.
chirped an interested looking shag.
i'm waiting for a statement from commissioner kelly on this probe. the man has been talked about as a potential mayoral candidate and a wideranging corruption scandal could taint his current popularity. a village voice story from last year examined kelly's record against his popularity suggesting that he stood to make a run for the city's top spot despite a streak of authoritarian and opaque policy. trouble seems to slide off him like grease from teflon.
the big problem with photographing fireworks displays in edinburgh is trying to get something that’s not been done times before. this year along we’ve had the half hour display from edinburgh castle for the festival a shorter display from the castle for st andrews day a display from calton hill as part of the hogmanay celebrations and just over hours later another huge display from the castle again at midnight for new year. that’s quite a lot of opportunities with iconic landmarks.
and that’s about it. watch this space for more ballet stuff my autumn break plans and other nonsense.
in the first weeks after the earthquake rff gave away meals – about meals a week to those in desperate need.
i like to call her the best birthday gift i've ever gotten. you see she was born the day before my own birthday. my nd birthday to be exact. what happens when you share a birthday with one of your children? your birthday gets celebrated jointly or its completely overshadowed by theirs. and you know what i don't mind one bit. as i grow older i realize that celebrating birthdays kind of suck.
the most significant addition found in many mediaeval uses is the invoking of assistance for an emended life and for the grace of the holy spirit. thus the sarum use has “the almighty and merciful god grant you absolution and remission of your sins space for true repentance and emendation of life and the grace and consolation of the holy spirit” this was also found in the mozarabic texts (see previous post).
i'm slowly coming to the realization that i don't have friends i really just have 'people i work on projects with'. i hadn't really felt that way about the people around me but it's become increasingly apparent that that's how everyone seems to feel about me. i don't get invited to stuffto dinners movies shows parties evenalthough i'm thought of when someone needs a costume i'm just not...remembered...when it comes to doing stuff socially i guess. i had thought that i was sort of the lynch pin of all of usthe connecting person who introduced this personamily to that personamilythat when we got together to do something we all got together to do something but apparently that was a figment of my own selfimportance. i resolve to try to connect to people on a social level rather than just on a workingtogether level.
* "patents and jurisdiction i: solving solvay" here. instantly seeing through the ipkat's attempt here to bluff readers into thinking he knows anything at all about jurisdictional issues none other than the celebrated willem hoyng steps up to give readers a lesson on the subject.
apple and amazon are both great at customer service and shining beacons for others to follow and everyone knows they are good which is a huge huge part of what makes them so successful. they are big and yes they have the money to do it properly but it’s not all about that so it’s nice to see the little shops doing as good here. sure timpson are a global chain but the shops are small and typically with one member of staff in – and ones you might not think of as leaders in customer service and customer experience – but timpson do it very very well. thanks for the great service we will be back. and i’ve just discovered they even do a mystery shopper programme and you can sign up on the front page on the web site. nothing to hide. nice one
we had a doublecheck ultra sound a week later and that ultrasound showed the same thing. with just over a week left before the wedding we had a difficult decision to make. did we wait for my body to realize there was nothing there? or did we get a d&c and remove the risk of miscarrying on our wedding day? we decided to go with the d&c. so with five days left until the wedding i had a d&c last tuesday. dave has been incredibly supportive and despite the pain we both felt (emotionally for both of us and physically for me) our love and committment to each other has remained as strong as it was before if not stronger.
since then my life has been an extreme rollercoaster ride through other experiences – other lessons both good and bad. from west virginia to california to ohio to marriage and the air force to college and kids and work and debt. i went from wideeyed optimism and a ‘can do’ attitude about my ability to handle any problem to drug abuse psychological breakdowns hospitalizations disability divorce and finally isolation. i’ve learned a great many things – some of which i’m trying to unlearn. i’ve done some good and many things i wish i could undo. yet as i don’t grant anyone the credit for my successes i blame only myself for my failures. you see i knew better
the lily is such a symbolic flower. the fleurdelys or “lily
just as we were getting used to our daily inundation of smoke from the dismal swamp fire we go and have an earthquake in virginia of all places. minor by left coast standards but shocking to us nonetheless. but we had no time to dwell on fractures in the earth's crust for we had an impending hurricane to deal with. as my friend amy suggested august was our month for earth wind and fire. of the three the wind portion of that trio had me the most concerned. early on in its extensive coverage irene was predicted to be a "life changing event" and one that could "reshape the coastline". as a survivor of hurricane hugo a life changing event for me i pay attention when phrases like this are used.
 the thought of doing the accounts or dealing with the finances makes us want to run away;
that's a place beyond endurance beyond strength and beyond all that you think you can be.
therefore it is necessary for me to write of these things for my own sake and the gospel’s sake and to enter our defense; not because of the blasphemers however. they are not good enough to make it worthwhile to say a single word of defense to them for to them the gospel must always be a stench and a savor of death unto death as they have deserved by their willful blasphemy. but i must write in order that innocent consciences may not any longer be deceived by these slandermongers and made suspicious of me or my doctrine and may not be deceived into believing that we must not fight against the turks. i have thought best to publish this little book under the name of your grace who are a famous and mighty prince so that it may be the better received and the more diligently read. thus if it came to a discussion of a campaign against the turks the princes and lords would readily recall it. i commend your grace to our merciful god’s grace and favor that he may keep your grace against all error and against the craft of the devil and illumine and strengthen your grace for a blessed reign.
a question remains what are these superheroes avenging and also how are they talking to each other but all that doesn’t mattter. the friendly banters amongst each other is fun. the avengers represents the perfect fusion of an intelligent witty script. the movie is action packed with a power punch. whedon provides more than just a standard comic book film but a story with reason that’s backed up with incredible action and humor. the movie is a comic book fan’s fantasy.can’t call it the best superhero movie but surely one of the best and entertaining.
will cover more on queen charlotte track at a later post. one way to maximise time and money is to go on a half day kayaking and hike a short section of the queen charlotte track the other half of the day. here are secluded bays and hidden enclaves. serenity all around – peace for the heart and soul.
of course if the book proved a success then that second run might well be of copies and the subsequent third print run of copies – which would make up the copies in three print runs as promised in the contract. any subsequent orders would – in the fullness of time – be covered by the contract’s statement of ‘subsequent print runs shall usually consist of to copies.’
asked to help solve the murder of missing school teacher emily clarke kiera and her friends soon discover that they are now living in a world where humans and wolves live together sharing a fragile peace.
i influence nations
why you ungrateful child isn’t it enough that i work day and night for you while that bastard you call papa is out there having the time of his life dating different women... not giving a damn about earning enough money to help me raise you you still have to give me this crap at the end of the day?? when are you going to start thinking about other people instead of yourself??
(and for some reason is referring to herself in the third person...)
(that might well have been insanely cool particularly if they’d managed to pull it off with christopher eccelston’s version of the doctor.)
gupta: "what are all these diseases that you say are linked to sugar?"
it’s hard to believe that i’ve been back for more than a week already and still haven’t posted anything here. i was privileged to be one of two artists in residence at the terrace inn at bay view a methodist chautauqua between petoskey and harbor springs here in michigan. artists if you would like to know more and maybe participate contact patti at the inn. she hosts a different artist every week during the season.
one of the ladies makes wonderful soaps and gave me a sheep shaped bar of lemon verbena. she's at missing willow farm if you want to pop on over and visit. it's divine and i think i'll hoard it. there's a stack of ephemera an old photo of a lady with funny hair a printers block with monthly calendars (i love old calendars) and hardware bits.
mexican america is in the ring. anarquia asks why they aren’t included in the tag team title match. is it perhaps because the guns beat them with ease a few weeks ago?
that it broke today was weirdly appropriate for the following reasons:
okay enough procrastinating. time to tie up some loose ends.
whatever it was i set to it using logic and luck.
always give a cougar an avenue of escape.
just so i can get home and out of the old creaky building
chicago illinois – an black yearold suspected of a violent attack on a white teen told chicago police the beating was motivated by his anger over the trayvon martin case in florida myfoxchicago reports.
“the condition of mind described as depravity of mind is characterized by an inherent deficiency of moral sense and integrity. it consists of evil corrupt and perverted intent which is devoid of regard for human dignity and which is indifferent to human life. it is a state of mind outrageously horrible or inhuman.”
i think for marketers considering the usability of a website is important for ensuring the goals of the website are achieved. the difficulty is balancing the user expectations and the goals. yet with developing the website for the target audience(s) it is more than likely the company will be able to achieve its objectives. one of the main reasons a company has a website is to attract visitors that will be converted into leads and customers.
i continued decorating the lid using a fabulous "vintage label". the label is self adhesive. i glued one of the beautiful metal crowns in the middle and then decorated some wooden numbers using collage papers and versamagic inks. the rusty star is the finishing touch for the lid....
even within christianity shameless perversion is promoted a “holiness” in the name of jesus. the ultimate fruit of replacement theology is lawlessness.
i asked jen why she decided to stay with mlf instead of looking for a different organization after she got back from haiti. her response? she believes in the model of the organization and the mission it carries out: mlf doesn’t throw money at people (she doesn’t believe this is a solution for people of low resources in developing countries) but instead it provides women the means through which they can help themselves and become selfsufficient.
an important factor is the break from traditional form. tradition is renewed but slightly altered by additions like steps through time which is how change is normally effected not by grand schemes that break the tradition like contemporary architecture and do not fit into their surroundings. this adds to the deculturation of local people who cease to feel they belong. architecture needs to grow from tradition which helps anchor people in their community.
hang on. that's a different post.
b). thank god the new master bombmaker is a double agent and makes bombs that don’t explode. and thank god our israeli friends who recruit the terrorists carefully select the wimps and morons to make sure they could do no physical harm to us.
i'm really really excited about it. although it's been hectic managing my current work load while trying to set up shop for going forward. but if all goes well the potential is there for me to work half days and earn double what i'm earning now while doing what i enjoy and working for causes that matter and working from home with baba nearby.
speaking of resolutions i can't begin to tell you how important it is to learn and follow the greener life style. yes i teach that but i also believe in it. a healthier lifestyle is not only exercise and better eating habits but it is an awareness to your environment by learning what harm ordinary household items such as cleaning supplies can impact your health. i don't buy harsh cleaning items anymore....the alternatives are not expensive but in fact can save you money not to mention your health and that of your child. well if you really want to think of it you are impacting many generations to come
and that lucky person is:
how about you?
play a game of tickle monster or go for a walk with my kid.
the president’s comments came just hours before a formal white house dinner to honor iraq war veterans some of whom have also served in afghanistan and may be redeploying there to assist ongoing u.s. military operations. woodruff was the only journalist invited to attend the dinner.
amy winehouse the girl from ipanema
no one would argue that a shot like that was anyway near what we would want to do in street photography but it stresses what pose is and what it can bring in terms of connotations. pose is the direct or indirect arrangement of a scene to be photographed. like setting up president kennedy in the shot mentioned. like setting up anything else under any circumstance you can think of. pose is a broad and very important thing in any type of photography.
that can be entertaining in itself but it’s much more fun to make your own discovery. and to then have the viewing all to yourself…well that’s just unheard of.
guidelines inches x inches
i must say that i don't love the contrasting band in white. however when we picked this piece out at the fabric store there was nothing to match it. and the yellow and different pinks i have in my swimsuit stash didn't match eitheri tried in various lights and they all looked nasty. i tried using the same fabric for the band but that looked lame in my opinion too. so i figured we'd go with white.
after getting my hair cut to an acceptable length again i headed off to the birthday party of one of my sister's recently married mormon exboyfriends. we went to a sports barestaurant. in the middle of the table sat we exmormons my sister and her friend yasmin sipping their adorable little bud light limes. i sat next to the brit who had just cut my hair down at her salon neither of us drinking in favor of stuffing our faces with fries fried green beans fried mushrooms wings of various flavors a muffalata and about a dozen dipping sauces. oh and then the birthday cake of course. i taught yasmin how to make a good whistling sound with her straw so that occupied us the hour or so we were there.
 some thyme (fresh or dried)
call for black ‘bachelors’
riley and star.
but he isn’t at the center of this blatant bias and favoritism down there this time at least not openly. if he plays a major role in the background is unknown. no this one goes an apparent under study of his in striving to be the most biased of all writers downtown stephanie rice in regards to her willingness to throw all journalistic objectivity out the window in the single largest display of liberal bias since i slapped her down over the “hyena’s of inkville” inconsistent coverage of the abrupt quitting on constituents’ midsession of democrat jim jacks compared to the resignation of republican richard curtis a couple years earlier.
we have milliondollar basketball players who can't write two paragraphs.
paper melon mambo basic black whisper white be mine (echo park)
the president's vacation was cut short in order to avoid traveling during hurricane irene. now that he is back in washington mr. obama started the week by appointing alan krueger to be his chief economic adviser.
the simply b stamps design team have more cards posted on our blog that i know you don't want to miss. pop on over and take a look and leave a little love if you're so inclined
why? because “faith” then becomes faith in an object and true faith by its very nature doesn’t require evidence or proof.
the majority of americans have already been asked many times if they are prolife or prochoice and they already have your answer. most people know that prolife is code for one thing and prochoice is code for its opposite.
a couple of days ago i put this picture on my facebook:
ok i need some tooth advice (although is lex destined for braces with a tooth growing in behind or does it move on its own or?...): mister man has his very first loose tooth. how long before it comes out? what do i do to ummm encourage him? how long before the next tooth comes in to replace it?
matthew : says “therefore do not worry about tomorrow for tomorrow will worry about itself. each day has enough trouble of its own.” in my action group we have been studying james where in chapter verses say “come now you who say ‘today or tomorrow we will go to such and such a town and spend a year there doing business and making money.’ yet you do not even know what tomorrow will bring. what is your life? for you are a mist that appears for a little while then vanishes. instead you ought to say ‘if the lord wishes we will live and do this or that.’” this morning during my devotion i looked at psalm : “blessed are all those who put their trust in him.” this morning during church we looked at psalm : “wait for the lord; be strong and let your heart take courage; wait for the lord” yes i realize i don’t possess much patience though i have been called to do so as it says in ephesians : “i therefore the prisoner of the lord beg you to lead a life worthy of the calling to which you have been called with all humility and gentleness with patience bearing with one another in love making every effort to maintain the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace.” enough scripture but this has all been thrown at me in the last week. notice a theme here?
but i was thankful for the roof over my head. and for the working appliances :)
 **dv. “aristotle and the scope of the law.” hellenic law society of northern california st. nicholas ranch and retreat center dunlap california. (incorporated in item c() above pp. .)
mix the melted chocolate and make it smooth.
"yeah i see what you mean" i say "he's not much to look at is he?"
beyond that there would be the means of achieving this. these would be to provide the best service at the lowest cost and ideally gain a good reputation. and i honestly did not see why this could not be exactly the same in every single business on the globe. a salesman a hospital a bank a school a prowrestler… pretty much everyone but a fraudster or a grave robber would need to follow some version of these basic rules. and even the grave robber would need someone to sell all the gold fillings to.
i said “not that way he could catch us see where we are as far as the park goes.”
the truth is i am terrified. i declined all prenatal testing with her just as i did with her brothers because i know it doesn't matter. in my heart i know that no matter what i will love her.
i'm starting the journey. yesterday was the first day of my new venture. i'm moving forward with the brewery.
i was browsing spoonflower for fabric online and found several in the aqua color i was looking for. it's hard when you're looking at fabric online because obviously if you haven't seen it in person before you don't know how true the color is how the repeat will look etc.
i've been thinking about the love triangle (because i'm finally watching mad men on netflix probably). it is an essential human dilemma in this culture at least which is why it appears in virtually every story book movie song and poem. the truth that most of us are not monogamous but we live in a society that expects monogamy that demands stable long term exclusive relationships puts people between a rock and a hard place. the heart opens but if we follow our hearts there will be hell to pay. prior to that hell is a lot of lying and sneaking around.
on the next one i think i might try adding some more fun accesories to it to fancy it up a little more. perhaps some buttons or aplique or something like that.
while the boyfriend was helping me get the cover on the comforter he busts out laughing...
overall a great book. i am able to remember so much even after years. i wish i could remember my text books like that.
these players invariably come from the nationalist community with the result that football apartheid is slowly beginning to be established in ireland.
no pictures with giada
i feel eternally blessed that we were so lucky that our very first try with ivf was a success. i could be writing a very different story now if that wasn’t the case.
ahhh i l.o.v.e. that song hope you do too
when youth athletes watch collegelevel players zigante said it helps them understand how their game and athletic development will change as they grow older.
some of the well known pileño families in pila are: the rivera’s the relova’s the noroña’s the villarica’s and the dimaculangan’s.
sometimes the path hurts. it’s lonely. it’s full of temptation and stumbling points. but it also gives me a chance to say “i don’t have what i want in life but it’s a beautiful day. be content with that.”
when she sells out of a particular type of pie or bread she wipes that one off her list. vicky often sells out or leaves the market with very few products left.
disneyland in february we took a family vacation to disneyland. we all had so much fun two months later justin is still asking everyday if we can go back to disneyland. i wish savannah was so brave and went on every ride she was tall enough for. her favorites were big thunder mountain railroad and screamin over california. justin's favorites were pirates of the caribbean and the jungle cruise.
for years i kept an eye on the old woman listened in when i heard her speaking to others. sometimes she spoke to the trees. i wondered if they spoke back to her. if they did i couldn’t hear them. but she talked to them like old friends had conversations. her face was like the crinkled bark of a tree. sometimes i wondered that she’d spent so long among them she was becoming one.
watching over the surrealistic scene is a bunch of british tourists and members of the boerevolk. the scene takes place at amajuba mountain just km outside volkrust on the border of mpumalanga and kwazulunatal.
 sweet potato (or just use yukons) (cut into bite sized chunks)
other aero
the levels tool looks like a graph or histogram. by using the dropper feature and sliding the arrows around you can create different effects including lightening up your photographs.
i shifted back and forth from seat to seat in an effort to find comfort. covered in pain sprays and ice packs i was to find no relief. later the zombie effect from the pain medication i would succumb to taking would eventually take hold of my mind and i would feel devoid of all personality.
those include two suites two balcony two oceanview and one interior cabin categories. just want to sail on this fantastic music cruise?
they serve it with creme friache i used whipped cream.
~ author unknown
i love to create
i’m going to keep this post short and sweet. this weekend was of course everyone’s favorite train wreck of a holiday st. pats i was able to get a precelebration ride in after work on friday. miles leaving from fitchronaburg going around the cap city trail with a lake loop thrown in and then back home.
 lubbock tx @ jake’s
along my route to work there is a certain intersection where accidents happen often. it's a fourway intersection with a stop sign in only two directions and people often miss the stop sign. it should really be a fourway stop but it's been this way for as long as i can remember. i always go through that intersection cautiously but i've had a few nearmisses when the driver coming from the side failed to stop.
don't bury me in this prairie
and…
if you can do it so can i albeit it would be for a beer league hockey team at some point in the future. now where did i put that mars bar?
that makes me succumb to surrender
“i don't believe anything can do as much for a room as a glowing fire in an attractive fireplace. men and dogs love an open fire they show good sense. it is the heart of any room and should be kindled on the slightest provocation.”
night of the purple moon by scott cramer is a young adult postapocalyptic science fiction. a comet's dust turns the sky purple and space germs kill everyone who is past puberty. the world is left with a few scientists who were quarantined and thousands of kids. on an island off of maine a group of kids bands together to survive.
inconsistent in his political views? well he couldn’t be conveniently tucked into a box labeled “left” or “right” but did that make him inconsistent? it’s the result of his being an independent thinker.
now she found herself chased hemmed in and with no easy escape from the crowding ruins. beyond the closepacked staring husks of the courtyard the ziggurat of the tyrant rose with stepped sides high up into the afternoon sky to a broad flat top marking the city center. scanning ahead sharia saw no escape except to hide in the gloom of a ruined building. she chose the closest yawning entrance. her legs pumped furiously to send her into the shadows but before she passed into the shade she heard the stamping dromedaries enter the alleyway behind. war harness jangled as her enemies leapt from their tallbacked steeds and drew their heavy blades.
at the end of my mum made me a new dress to wear to the end of year dance which is now called the school formal. my dad took some photos of me. he made me pose this way and that and i was feeling embarrassed. i was happy when it was over.
yes as a young boy i almost fell out of a moving car. of course to say that i almost died is pretty dramatic.
for job seekers make sure the most pertinent qualifications that you possess cut through the ringing noise in recruiters ears. recruiters view stacks of resumes all with the same vomitinducing objective statement managers interview dozens of interviewsuited little punks like you everyone has “strong communication skills” and a “track record of success.” identify specific qualifications that you possess and keep going back to those themes. lead your resume with these skills work them into every response you give and include references top them in the questions you ask. amplify your argument to by supporting your candidacy with a simple straightforward case that’s based on behaviors not clichés. what are you doing when you communicate strongly? what did you do to succeed? describe those behaviors repeatedly to your audience to cut through the numbing buzz of applicant exhaust noise.
so instead i'm going to share my opinions on the book i downloaded for the hour drive up to nyc this weekend shades of grey by e.l. james.
on to #....the notion that children need school in order to be more exposed to activities and ideas. in some families school may very well be a good option for that. sure. if people homeschool in order to isolate and separate their children then school may very well be a better option for those kids. not my choice to make.
they are also both running with the cross country team and doing unbelievably well. i've always known that junior high boys are ridiculously fastlike fleas really. but i had no idea how with some intense coaching and conditioning that my pickle boy could be hearing things like "you have the ability to become a truly great cross country runner." i had no idea that by watching my boy run i would be so inspired that my entire understanding of who he is and what makes him tick has changed dramatically. and watching the frog improve her time meet after meet mile after mile has been inspiring too. she has been able to change her attitude from "i'm running well and that makes me happy" to "i'm running well but i know i can run faster so i'm going to work really hard toward that." that inspires me too.
many of you have probably heard of fat mum slim's 'photo a day' monthly photo challenge and i've always admired from a distance. it adds another element to just taking a picture each day and i'll be honest i struggle with remembering that one. having to make it fit a particular theme will definitely be difficult but i figure i'll try it once i'll be posting my pictures on instagram.
about a month ago the clock on our sideboard stopped. it's the oldfashioned kind that needs winding once a week; we bought it in an antique shop in otford long before we came to live in the village. it felt like bringing it home when we finally moved here.
the "mother's" and "mama's" all day long.
what does that mean? it means that this garmentor several garments or even a whole wardrobeis something more than just a body covering. it does more than keep you warm and presentable to the outside world. when you put it on you feel like you're really yourself. you care about it and it cares for you. it makes you stronger and happier more confident and relaxed. when you put it on you're more yourself. maybe it's a lucky shirt. maybe it's a jacket you've embellished. maybe it's something someone made for you or gave you and you've worn it and mended it and altered it and it's one of those things you'd grab if the house were on fire.
she starts on him again after he changes lanes without signaling and two other drivers honk their objections. “gad” she begins with a mutter and increases her tone as she speaks. “it’s really a matter of elegance” and she isn’t aware of the disparaging look on her face. “remember the zipper?” we all recall the event: a chaotic afternoon commute; a mess of traffic trying to merge from four lanes to two as half the city workers aimed for their homes; horn honking and finger flipping and acceleration lunges when any space opened up; and one driver a young attractive black man in a big old american sedan who opened his door and rose to stand on what would be the running board of an older car and almost sang to the crowd: “people people let’s all just make like a zipper” it was classic wise humorous. it happened long enough ago that keith and marnie agreed about it but now she’s brought it up so often when complaining about keith’s driving that of course it’s one of the sore spots.
i’m not sure what call j.t. ready answered but it was the wrong call.
in the meantime charlie and sam escape and she finally reveals to charlie her hidden crush. the two start making out. it’s quickly turning into the best birthday party charlie has ever had and then…and then something goes horribly wrong. sam pulls away to find charlie nonresponsive. that’s when she notices the large hole in his head with blood gushing out. charlie’s been killed by a stray bullet.
should i know this? do you other braves fans know of him?
i wish i could carry your whole burden
me: honk yourself.
i’ve been underground lately and for good reasons. more on that in the near future. in the meantime i have a special weekend planned and want to take you with me.
as i speak where do you stand in your relation with jesus christ? is he your personal saviour or will you be facing him as your personal judge. the choice is yours either to continue in disobedience or to allow jesus christ to remove the spiritual blindness from your eyes. christ completed the work of redemption in your behalf. believe it; accept it; make it your own. in so doing you can say with the redeemed “by grace i am saved.”
come like shadows; so depart.'
i find myself getting excited about the chicago marathon even though it is not until october. it’s a long way away but i’m ready to get the intense training started.
place: not last
comparing the sistine chapel to a bunch of lightglobes strung together and wrapped around a madeinchina plastic frame in the somewhat discernible shape of a santa seems odd to me. both are ostensibly there to honour the christian faith one painted by one of the greatest artists of all time commissioned by a pope and restored occasionally the other massproduced bearing little symbolism of what it was originally meant to represent and sucking resources in the form of electricity constantly. don't get me wrong i love christmas lights but they're no sistine chapel.
i hold on to my loft because well i do not know why
my th should have been my last long training run for a marathon that i am running on may . let's see how this works out. a good friend just told me that if you are gonna run miles you might as well do more and get a medal.
pack of small paper cups
winstonsalem nc 
and one of my favorites i told one of the best surgeons in the country he needed to get back to work and he is operating on a pretty important brain laugh some time right?
 . *praxair
“masuzoe said that the source of infections in japan remained unknown and it was better to act on the presumption that the influenza has become widespread. he said it was important to ensure that the virus did not spread and that no deaths occurred. he added that closing schools early over a wide area was an effective measure and asked for understanding from residents.”
not a day goes by that we are not so thankful that god allows us to be your parents.
* online judges will have days to judge and turn in their scores to the little diva tutus team. at that time the little diva tutus team will judge the photographs.
forbid the birds that prey on cultivated land
"you'd better watch out and stop eating chocolate" my boyfriend said helpfully "otherwise that'll be you soon."
banner dies whiff of joy
the conference was organized by kundra and sen. tom carper (ddel.) to address the future of cloud computing in the federal government.
you’ll see the sun come shining through for you
that's another thing i've been thinking about lately. god has reminded me that he does and will provide. with a few christian friends leaving the area for various reasons i've been wondering how i'm going to manage. god everfaithful has reminded me of a time a few short years ago when i felt the same way. just the fact that here i am again shows that he did provide for me which is comforting to know that he can do it again.
exactly that
the question remains what other department might this be married to besides psychology business or the career center (and would topics of cultural trends be relevant). arguably i can see it being colisted in all areas–but really housed in business in the same way organizational psychology might be housed in business (because it doesn’t seem to require a large depth of understanding about the larger field of psychology). even if thats the case i think the most logical positioning from an external or internal actor is the business department.
i have been attending the sydney meet ups organised by steph from bondville and lisa from the red thread for the past year and it is always a treat. it's great to hear where people are at with their businesses ventures craft and family experiences. meeting new creatives is always inspiring and you just never know what you or they might share on the day.
*all above information provided by rising tide via email & facebook.
i saw this questionnaire on a friend's blog and thought that it would be a fun post for today especially since i was racking my brain trying to think of something to blog about. enjoy
a cardiac intensivist just emerged to tell us that there do not appear to be signs of infection outside of sam's heart (this is big newsan uncontrolled infection would spell disaster); also the preliminary tests on the pieces of vegetation that have been removed appear negative so far. she also added that with the large amount of vegetation on sam's aortic valve she feels more confident that they made the right decision in undertaking this surgery.
must be able to produce x cards x layouts and x otp each month plus one tutorial every two months. (if you are selected for just cardmaking or layouts only ..then the requirement will be x cards or x layouts per month plus the otp and tutorial)
char dham mandir has all the deities of the important dhams of the north and an iskcon style animated puppet tableau display of many important events from krishna’s life and the puranas. payal was so delighted with the life size puppets especially when krishna shook his hand or head. and i realised that what adults might think is childish or even corny is an actual delight to a small child. by this time payal was learning to trust me a little and honoured me by holding my hand.
it is easy. well except for the learning curve of popping popcorn on the stove. see i usually eat the microwave kind but i though butter taste would be nasty mixed with the rest. since i don’t have an air popper (totally on my list to get) i would try the stove method which i was assured through various bloggers was “easy”.
for now i'll give you my recipe. for what i've created so far after three tries which is a pretty good lip and body balm albeit a tiny bit bland. i'll be adding some essential oils (wow hi hippie) to the next batch in my quest to create my ideal body balm so you can come back for that if you like.
the february annals of internal medicine illustrates how difficult it is for physicians to practice evidence based care. over a quarter of physicians reported that they would order ovarian cancer screening on low risk women; while almost of physicians (.%) reported that they would order ovarian cancer screening for women at medium risk of ovarian cancer.
each unique program features several original shorts on a given theme such as: boom or bust phobia & fetish or sink or swim. on june nd and rd great small works will perform a brandnew cantastoria three graces in which three mythical graces — harmony strategy and splendor — float down to earth for an opart romp inspired by grace kelly grace paley grace jones and grace lee boggs.
what i would really really like for this giveaway is something beautiful. i'd love to see pictures that mean spring or poems or something incredibly cute that will take my mind off this dumb... whateveritis that's fogging up my bring this week.
if a kaiju is in contact with a ship it will attempt to crush and eat it rather than use its firebreath. roll d and add one to the roll – this is the number of ‘r’ hits scored on the vessel. in addition a critical hit is automatically scored. the ship is considered grappled and unable to move until the kaiju is forced to retreat or the ship is
yesterday i took my neighbor to a local produce stand. this couple has the most delicious produce. the man told us that he is years oldand still going strongdoing all the planting care and picking. guess he could have been joking but i'm not sure. any way i bought about pounds of butter beans and probably that much or more of yellow squash. i bought jars of chow chow and a little over pounds of shelled crowder peasthey are in the freezer already. the butter beans and squash were supper last night. oh mythey were so good. when i was little mamaw cooked me a pot of butter beans each time i went to visit themthen she would send me home with ones she had put in the freezer. i think they are my most favorite foodever. the family used to make fun of me when i was little because when mamaw gave me my plate my head went down and i didn't look up until all the beans were goneand i ate them one at a time. that was when i was around or nothing better than ham hocks and butter beans i think i may go back and get a bushel or so to put in the freezer. when i got home i has to shell the beanss came down and helped me. i was glad for the help otherwise i may not have been done in time for supper homer also gave me a lemon cucumber to tryi didn't have any but j and k said it was really good. it was cuteshaped like a lemon and the inside had sections sort of like a lemon. he said to try it then come back and buy lots of them homer and his wife reminded me so much of my mamaw and papaw. weanne and i had a really nice visitan hour or more with homer and dot.
a few preachers have coupled this scripture with romans : and romans : to prove that the fate of judas was foreordained. we quote the verses in romans “for he saith to moses i will have mercy on whom i will have mercy and i will have compassion on whom i will have com­passion (romans :). “hath not the potter power over the clay of the same lump to make one vessel unto honor and another unto dishonor? what if god willing to shew his wrath and to make his power known en­dured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction: and that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction: and that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy which he had afore prepared unto glory.” (romans :).
there followed the long minute walk (down hill all the way in the morning) a full day’s work and a very long walk back up a very long lonely hill carrying heavy shopping bags in the evening before cooking a supper for the family and dealing with all the other items that come along with well just having a family really: homework clothes washing (mum have got pe tomorrow and no kit) and the ubiquitous letter produced usually around bedtime requesting “johnny” attend school tomorrow in mexican fancy dress as we are learning about south american food – oh and if you could also supply a selection of mexican food to snack on (no nuts) that would be greatly appreciated. you guessed it more stress.
please stop by and visit their site.
next up devil's canyon brewing from my home town of belmont may st. by then chef yamanaka will have time to breathe get his sea legs and whatever other cliches you want to add by then. it ought to be interesting.
don’t get me wrong – i’m not judging. i’m in a glass house here. when considering writing this post i started recounting all the crazy stuff to which i’ve admitted on this blog. over the past months i’ve revealed a lot. perhaps i’m being a little too honest on here. maybe i should keep some of this crazy to myself. like the time i drove by my ex fiancé’s house or the time i stole a shirt from him right before i moved out and i currently keep it in my closet or all about my baggagerust issues where i want to check up on my partner by checking his phone for suspicious messages. there’s plenty more i have yet to reveal like how when my ex and i broke up i found out about some lies he told me and then i proceeded to go through every bank account every email every phone record every little slip of paper i could find in our home to try to find out the entire truth. i wanted to know everything there was to know. so yeah i’ve done some crazy stuff.
this week’s folk friday is a tribute to my chapter mates those ‘wild women’ full of creativity. enjoy
so why? oh yes why indeed. what could possibly happen that would cause me a hardcore atheist to quote scripture? a calendar happened that’s what.
just a piece of apple brownie alone is satisfying enough.
door shut locked and key thrown away never to be found again. it left me feeling like i did something wrong and only after weeks of self destruction i realized it was his loss not mine. and i can’t leave out all the random creepers online who reached out their hands with offerings of truck shows shooting ranges and pig skinning.
i had just spent a year in ecuador and had come home for the first time to meet my nephew and spend christmas with my family. but to make life a little more interesting (and by that i mean stressful) steven and my sister's boyfriend were coming to colorado to meet the fam.
after this really interesting talk i saw the core of xbox live and have the chance to check out some unreleased demos of
unfortunately it was the same damn radio that told me to put gum in my hair. my friends and i would sit out on my front porch during the summer evenings and chat and listen to my portable radio. they used to have all kinds of radio spots. they’d have hints from heloise type help suggestions. and being curious i listened to them all. the new ones about contact lenses really interested me. i wanted to try to put one on my eyeball.
title: the case against my sister: sixth grade
“but what if we feel so good we don't want to go back?”
it’s them pills i took to bring it off she said.
a very special thank you to thayer preece my gorgeous model tricia soto the best photographer and terry and leslie for styling this photo shoot was definitely a group effort as i was hobbling on crutches just two weeks after my surgery. and of course thank you to sarah aka the plucky knitter for her generous yarn support
a naturopath may talk with the patient about the possible causes for an illness—poor diet life stresses occupational dangers and mental emotional and spiritual problems. naturopaths believe that even widely varying symptoms can sometimes be traced to one underlying cause. often environmental or metabolic toxins or serious stress bring on an illness.
wearing shortsshirtlip flops while painting in january...can't get any better than that...can it? it has been in the 's here for the past week and the forecast is calling for the same for the next ten days...oh happy day (you see...i'm not a winter gal). we have finished painting the kitchen so you know what that means...right? when you change one thing then other things need changing so i have started the first piece of furniture that will get a makeover. i'm hoping that i will wrap this one up today then off to the second victim. when i get it all the makeovers finished then i will share with y'all a tour of my new kitchen...until then...here is a sneak peek of the wall color and victim number one.
after letting the onions cool slightly i combined them with a mixture of eggs and halfandhalf and then poured them into my baked tart shell. the final step was topping the whole thing with the crispy bacon (what was left of the bacon that is).
spotting karl is a game that a fashionloving parisbased friend of mine likes to play. "i caught karl today" he often texts me much to my dismay. (i'd love to see him too) this is because the famous chanel designer is easier to spot that you might think. he tends to linger around the same places in the city so if you're lucky you might just glimpse him. here's the secret – he reportedly lives in the upper two floors of the building on the corner of rues des saintperes and quais malaquais where he loves looking out over the river and the louvre. his bookshop l is also just around the corner on rue de lille (much of the stock is suggested by him) and his other favourite haunt is librarie galignani bookstore at rue de rivoli. you could say hello but perhaps don't pester him. it must be painful being so famous. (as if i'd know.)
all the tall grass swayed in oceans around me as i laid my head to sleep.
i'm not sure how it happened...but my beautiful angelic looking (notice i refer to the appearance of an angel not an actual angel)little girl changed before my very eyes. she became this mouthy teen trapped in a st grader's body. after a couple of warnings i placed her in the dreaded time out chair. then the agony that all mothers experience at least once in a lifetime (i say that tongue in cheek because if this happened to any mom only once....the offer is now on the table to trade kids)...my daughter threw down one heck of a tantrum. the time out chair is in the dining room so that she is rather isolated ( i.e. super nanny)and i was in the other room and i am sure that the people on the next block...past our church which is right next door to our home....the parsonage (notice that i typed that in all lowercase because aren't preacher's kids suppose to be perfect? total sarcasm there) could hear my kid screaming her head off now...going to end that story so i can fast forward a few days to begin the story of my mommy meltdown
new puppies and kittens are perfectly healthy (under normal circumstances). so insuring them right from the start saves you money over the long haul because you will be reimbursed for anything that happens to them (depending on the type of policy you have).
it was june the height of the summer and we were on a bike tour around the midlands planning to visit a few breweries along the way. for months i’d been training loading up my bob yak with all my camping gear riding a mile route every night after work and spending my weekends searching out every hill i could find pushing the training mileage up to ~ miles.
i'm overjoyed to report i've officially accepted an offer for a new job and turned in my two weeks notice
and here is what linda won a skein of every solid
most of you'uns know i do quite a bit of freelance work for habitat for humanity.
both the pediatrician and the vet saw the likes of me yesterday. everyone is healthy yay
fiction » romance » regency
les savy fav: kiss kiss is getting old
(ali and eyelinerman asking each other intimate questions)
for those of you who haven't heard of the westboro baptist church they're a group of ex alcoholic repressed gay people (probably) who hate everything.
i’m eclectic i have lots of books and magazines most of which are in shelves but can end up in various parts of my house. i sometimes have inspiration boards and teeshirt stuff everywhere in my living room.
this excerpt is said by ford the hero to lauren the object of his affection:
click below to see what items i chose:
revolutionised the pop scene
no – it is still beating i think
“i commend attorney general schneiderman for looking into the nypd’s stopandfrisk policy” said council member letitia james. “unfortunately in the face of widespread criticism and evidence that stopandfrisk violates the constitutional rights of an overwhelming number of innocent individuals with minimal results the administration continues to champion this approach. i hope that ag schneiderman takes action if his investigations mirror the current evidence and data available.”
the fear of providing our general public with the enlightening new knowledge
although russell knew he should report this email to the fbi and to stock photo woman he didn’t. the reasons for this are complex. he had a strange feeling about this whole episode with stock photo woman. a feeling he couldn’t put his finger on. it was as if something else were going on just below the surface. now that he could see well he noticed more. stock photo woman had one foot in another place and it wasn’t the advertising world. where? it nagged at him in a weird way like a ghost that would slip into his peripheral vision then dance away. then this email. it addressed his concerns in a precise manner. well actually it was not precise at all it only seemed so. nevertheless it struck a deep chord within russell. he had a feeling which terrified him. he sensed her father had the answers the real answers and all else had been smoke and mirrors. he had to meet the man in spite of the danger.
avoid making the upper hand handshake. this may indicate a need to dominate. make sure to maintain eye contact.
when i heard about marvel being bought by disney first i thought about universal studio rides spiderman superman etc. attractions. what happens to them?
happy monday everyone i’m in a great mood today for so many reasons the most recent of which is that my sister just sent me the most adorable photo of my beautiful nieces. but it’s always nice to begin the day with the sun shining and everything going as planned.
could you imagine an angel coming to you and telling you that you were going to be impregnated by the spirit of god?
challenge: include one gift for each letter needed to spell out a word from the season (snow joy faith love hope gift tree jesus star santa etc). we did this last year and it was so much fun of course the perfect gift for an "a" is an apron.
you sit there and tell this woman that she in her former and her usual peace is not truly healed… while recommending that she eventually see “the truth”… the truth as your friends have seen it your truth which from our eyes only held anger and blame in a blanketing sweep. the angry truth. is that better for her? because my friend had her head on straight and was mad at no one until she was provoked. the pain she feels now is from whatever is inflicted on her by the blamers the rageaddicts. in other words she was fine until you all got to her to intentionally wound her. but she remains the villain in your story. as do i. i could assure you our noble intent our heart our truth goodness and fairness in judgment… but i don’t think you could agree. regardless i would challenge you to reexamine in humility that none of you are fit to judge this woman her calm method of accepting the creator’s plan nor are any of you properly trained or equipped to from a distance tell her who and what was responsible for her loss. an acknowledgment of these things would be nice but we will not wait or expect.
littlest says that my voice best suits islands in the stream. how she became such an impresario i don't know. neither do i know how i the progeny of a music teacher and a highly talented former choirboy was born with so little musical ability.
"let's call on our ancestors lets ensure we hound bees until he tells the truth" he said to angry shouts of agreement.
my house is finally starting to feel like home and slowly but surely all the boxes are being unpacked and organized. i truly cannot wait until i can say all of the boxes have been gone through. (everything is done except the office stuff but oh how i hate office stuffunk)
what i thought poulos was saying in the most labored pretentious roundabout way was this:
it’s chuckingout time for this mp
here are some top b vitamins:
i am going to be sick.
a cloud covers and then uncovers the sun. campus is distant and theoretical like a galaxy or heaven. there is something beyond tedium. you can pass all the way through tedium and come out the other side and this is abbot's gift today. he picks up a pinecone puts it in his palm and extends his palm toward his daughter. the girl's eyes grow wide and she laughs. she reaches for the pinecone says "pinecone."
it's okay to have a small circle of friends. the only people who matter in your life are the ones who are going to be around your death bed singing you to heaven.
so here are the pictures from the first page of their disney mini album scrap books we have been working on. also the first page of the disney photo book i have spent many many hours creating on the disney photo pass web site. that book is not quite finished so the pictures are pictures of the book on my computer not the actual book because it has not been ordered just yet. my goal is to finish it this week and get it ordered.
if you want to make a book like if you want your book to get picked up by a publisher who will invest money into editing design printing and marketing and all that then you need to have an appealing and strong author voice.
i gave my thoughts on the situation yesterday but the following quotes from today's article is of interest:
sean and i rented movies and went out to dinner. took some afternoon rides on our friends harley. sean's seriously thinking about buying it off him. oh it was such a wonderfully romantic week. ok enough of the mooshy stuff.
samson had long hair and was a womanizer
and here goes my last sheet of washi paper :)
grumpy
why is your blog called ocean dreams? my blog is called ocean dreams because when i lived in utah i dreamed of moving to southern ca where i could go to school and have fun in the sun. to me the ocean has always been full of so many mysteries and through the years i’ve made so many memories there. after college i continued to live in southern ca for years and about a year ago i briefly moved back to ut. as of now i spend my time in both ca and ut. i get the best of both worlds: my family and my ocean dreams. i always go to the ocean to pray think or find solace when life gets hectic and in the same way i wanted my blog to be a place of solace for myself and for my readers.
* assist with the drafting of bylaws a mission statement a meeting schedule and a reporting format for network activities
to judge judy
one of them.
i will be posting requests for a week at a time. so check back every week for the next week of requests
b: oh. well anyway call me when you can.
while one second after is not for the faint of heart or stomach it's an excellent read. the characters are real and tangible you know these people or people like them. forstchen set the book in the town where he lives to give it a greater air of authenticity and making it all that more real to his readers. ***** out of *****
sundays during nfl games
and finally i will award a prize for the most creative participant in the annual capsule wardrobe challenge.
but as his gaze cleared her he saw her say something saucy out of the corner of her mouth to the porter and he realised she was just another leningrad tart looking for a trick.
superb spicy southwestern cuisine.
suber explains that there are two primary vehicles for delivering oa to research articles oa journals (“gold oa”) and oa repositories (“green oa”). he goes on to explain the different business models behind these. some use “author pays” approach (the fees are often paid by authorsponsors (employers or funders) or waived) while others have a subsidy from a university or professional society. oa journals can get by on lower subsidies or fees if they have income from other publications advertising priced addons or auxiliary services. the oa movement has attempted to be seen as ‘constructive rather than destructive’ in their criticism of the traditional publishing models. however over the years there has been significant resistance from traditional scholarly journal publishers.
they’re all hard in some respect or another but overall jeweled was probably the hardest book for me to write to date. i can’t really pinpoint a specific reason but i fought with the characters of that book for the longest time trying to figure what i was doing wrong why the story felt forced. it took me much longer than usual to finish that book and i did a fair amount of rewriting. i really think i nailed it in the end however and i’m really proud of the work i did.
being a good parent is transparent and taken for granted; yet when good parents make a rare bad move i know it can be memorable. i hereby declare to begin logging what amounts to a fraction of the times i take contrary action to do the right thing. i won't record them all since then i'd be writing all friggin' day but i want you to know that your mommy worked really hard to minimize the magnitude of whatever grievances you may someday have with me. i just hope it worked.
the red roses are from wild orchid crafts and the gems were in my stash.
. thee mighty caesars i was led to believe
what you were really hearing was how to pretend to know how to fly fish like a pro. % of the guys out there right now trying to fly fish are doing just that. don’t you be another poser wannabe loser punk. stick around here and we’ll get you on the right track because god knows what we don’t need is another generation of stupid *$# retards stomping around the rivers scaring the trout to heck and back and wearing idiotic hats. if i wanted that i’d go to a tu field trip somewhere.
when the heroes among the kurus and pāṇḍavas attained their heroic ends and the son of dhṛtarāṣṭra wept with a spine broken by the crushing blows of wolfbelly’s club the son of droṇa beheaded the sleeping sons of kṛṣṇā thinking it would please his master who deplored the disgusting deed.
he wins the match with a muscle buster. even slater and drew are impressed as i am too.
pineapplecilantro margaritas
is the percentage of african nations among un members larger or smaller than the number you just wrote?
a friend recommended kathryn stockett's debut novel the help (note: a book for grownups) and once i got into it i was gone. i neglected my family. i ate very little. i wore pajamas. there was no showering. i read chapters out loud and copied down my favorite lines. and when i finally finished it at : am on monday i sat weeping on my sofa. sigh.
 cup toasted chopped pecans
banqueting
so click away on those links to learn more about my korean adventure
oh and if you try dying well fuck hold on if you make it guess what. you don’t get any money for a long motherfucking time. oh and if you do well that just makes everyone else around you poor. the only people that really fucking matter in the scope of your life. burdened by your death. that last little parting gift to everyone that matters.
here's the clip:
should we fight the whole world’s battles?
if that is not the case then tell me oh american where did our love go?
i met a cosmic cowboy and he’s ridin the stary range.
i was born and lived all of my life on a peninsular with magnificent beaches but great views of our deep water port on one side and an ocean fed river and inner port on the other side.
britain’s got talent had an interesting turn out this year when susan boyle had a nervous breakdown and the entire house the contestants were kept in is reported to have descended into chaos. personally i think this was media hype and things probably were not so bad.
camp century—aka "project iceworm"—was a "city under ice" according to the u.s. army a "nuclearpowered research center built by the army corps of engineers under the icy surface of greenland" as frank j. leskovitz more specifically explains.
i've seen the heavy drinkers the ones wanting to know what time you open for alcohol (we open at for breakfasts) and asking if it's double up for £ on bells is there an offer on trebles? there's a stereotype image but that's not for me to comment on. i've seen old boys sit on their bar stool for or hours steadily drinking the day away chatting with other customers and the bar staff seemingly without any affect at all as long as their drinking their regular drink. a different story when you've got old thumper on as a guest normally the top half of their body gets off the bar stool leaving the bottom half behind. i've seen young groups come in wanting shots of sambuca and a lighter. i've even seen some of them get served.
people can go there to enjoy the entertainment to find out about various products and to savour those special show delicacies like fairy floss toffee apples and hot cinnamon donuts. however one important aspect of the show is competing whether it’s in cooking crafts wood cutting showing livestock or show jumping.
i spent christmas with a friend's family. while this friend is rather new she is also rather fabulous. and crafty. the best sort of friend really no? so this fabulous and crafty friend shared a secret with me and now i am sharing it with you. the fabric stores have all their christmas fabric on sale right now. now. right this minute... and guess what? you need some. well you don't need christmas fabric necessarily but if that is your thing then get on it because the new thing is fabric gift bags instead of paper.
and lifts the needy from the ash heap;
original air date: june 
i put each pile into a baggie and also included a baggie of toothpicks a washcloth and these instructions:
right now i'm curled up on my couch in my apartment watching married with children on tv while my roommate lucy struggles with filling out a million job applications. i used to hate the s yes i've been mean muggin since ' but i always thought of it as one of the least inspirational decades. looking at the and actually looking back at my childhood they weren't so bad.
tee siew kiong is mca national organising secretary
i went to see my new boyfriend.
i will be pontificating about super bowl advertising on a tv show on monday and i'd like to be able to reference the opinions of ad and marketing professionals (that's you)
barton: it may mean that they should consider it even merely to hedge their career and to have opportunities in the future. i don’t think it should be mandated to have a securities license but if insurance agents want to move into that it would be a wonderful time to start looking at it. ultimately there will be fewer companies in the insurance space. we are seeing a shrinkage and consolidation that is only going to accelerate. you have companies that are pulling out of the united states and you have others that are doubling down on the united states. and that’s why if you have bet the farm on basically one or two products you’re missing out on an incredible opportunity to help that client.
i hope everyone had a great weekend it is gorgeous here in myrtle beach my hubby and i sat on the patio most of the day. i did however take some time to do a little painting. i thought i would share the projects i did today.
as always the dice vendor is great if you need any though having a collection of stunning d′s from a few years past i opted not to get but i always enjoy looking. i did end up on the neibhoring booth buying something from grammar matters a shirt about pairsears. it was either that or uncle jack and that just went into weird weird venues that i wasn’t sure was sutable to wear anywhere. so i went with the other one i like pears anyways.
punch: marvy uchida
why think of everything you’ve got.
last week she made easy sticky buns and my mouth fell open at how delish they looked. i had all the ingredients on hand so i made them the next morning.
being altered enhanced and manipulated to whitewash troubling facts.'
meanwhile the publicity group were hard at work coming up with a name for the band (they decided on “the equals”) and then designing tshirts. the three bloggers took photos of the proceedings and wrote their first post on the posterous site (which can be seen here – please note this may become password protected at a later date). throughout the morning pairs of students also tried out the nintendo wii learning to play instruments on wii music.
as the process continued and as bones were identified families were contacted and notified that the remains of grandfathers great grandfathers and in the case of one woman in her late ’s the father she had never known had been found.
that i have hidden here for you.
spray the (now) cleaned big bowl with oil and turn to coat your dough ball cover tightly with kitchen plastic and let rise in a warm place until doubled about an hour i turn on my oven to low for a few minutes and then leave on the light while the dough rises this works like a charm for rising anytime of the year
i woke up this morning and immediately popped a bunch of antacids. i keep forgetting that compensating for not eating all day by eating too much in one sitting before falling asleep is not an efficient method of nutrient delivery. that morning dash to the bathroom to vomit or worse doesn’t help either.
. bizarre dub triangle
some bpc members may already know that three of my four coassistantorganizers and i are moving on from the organization. i won’t go into details here of the past week’s events or the reasons we were given for the mass dismissal; some of you will hear versions of it from others i’m sure (and i’ll tell you mine if you ask). but here i want to say thanks to all the members i’ve met past and present for inspiring me making me laugh and for keeping this group interesting for me for the past six years.
hungungu son of rota came from the country of mangwende to tell chief chinamora that chief mhotani had died. hundungu said “i want to be a chief in the country of mangwencle in nhohwe. my elder brother’s name is zinyemba. i am afraid that the chieftainship will be given to zinyemba he cannot rule the country well because he is very weak.” then hundungu asked chief chinamora saying “how can i get the chieftainship of mangwende?” chinamora answered him saying “it is true that a person who wants to be a chief must be a brave man and one who loves all his people i have no right to give the chieftainship it( mangwende to you but i can give you advice so that you can be a chief. go back to your country and when you have reached home go to the chief of the varozvi. that is where you can ask to be given the chieftainship.” hundungu thanked chinamora for the advice and returned to his country.
the most important in learning photography as a beginner is to practice and experiment by yourself but it could be good to learn the basics in how a photo is supposed to be taken. if you don’t know the basics your photography experience might lead to frustration and anger. photography is all about light so start off with shutter speed and aperture. as a beginner in photography and if you the passion to be a good photographer we advise you to take up this course and learn to click pictures around you.
winona ryder (little women reality bites)
the lush greenery of my back yard
he’s a smart guy and he defenitly knows a lot about business (so he has to when speculating with millions of bucks ;) a busy man who have the most time travel around the world and announce new xbox things. he tells us about how he works with thirdparty game publishers and developers. we had also a bit of chat about the (maybe messy) launch of sonys ps and stuff like that…
make sure you massage your scalp regularly. massage improves blood flow to the scalp and ensures that the follicles are well nourished. getting enough sleep is also important as hair grows faster while you sleep.
women & beer $ per person (female only event)
he said if i ever cheated on him and then confessed but wanted to mend the relationship he would tell me that i had to have anal sex with ten men before he would take me back. and then after i did that and went back to him he would say “why would i ever want a slut like you?”
(text continues after the photos these photos are mine from before the show began; do excuse the poor quality proper photos follow at the end...)
“the goal of the exhibition is to inspire designers educators and parents to be more critical of the toys that shape a child’s values and the impact toy making has on the environment.”
nontippers
me: arrrgh leave me alone ok ...*flexes fingers* i just need to describe robert...
thing or person you would like to be in your next life
come hear the readings and stop by the nehw table where there will be plenty of other books available to buy from these authors in addition to the ones mentioned above.
i was hoping to share a video of riley but since it seems that he has hidden my photo card there won't be new pictures until i find the magical place he stashed it. i've checked the usual spots and not had success. i sure hope he out grows this need to hid things soon. tonight when i got home from work he decided it would be fun to hide himself in the fireplace. in the years we have lived here it has never had a fire in it but apparently we don't dust there either... yuck
it is like a family writ large. sometimes one is despised and does not get the care that makes one feel worthy. this is what is causing immoral behaviour and a giving up amongst our working classes who are neglected for immigrants.
* he gives a really garbled interpretation of what the emancipation proclamation accomplished followed by that lincoln quote that neoconfederates like to throw around because removed from context it makes lincoln sound like a political opportunist who didn't care about slavery.
computer software known as linguistic inquiry and word count (liwc) analyzes written content derived from the statement analysis approach and looks for three markers: fewer firstperson pronouns more words that convey negative emotion and fewer exclusionary words (except but). the software has been more effective than human judges but the accuracy rate is still only about percent.
have a super duper weekend
the germans called it “ratschbumm” (“crashboom”). due to th high velocity of the round the report and the sound of the projectile hitting were almost simultaneous which led to the term.
on august he keyed a dodgers romp over the braves with home runs and rbi. each of his longballs came with men on base and he finished the day for with runs scored.
and the fourth work is also found in verse : "he treads the winepress of the fury of the wrath of god almighty" (rev :). do you remember how graphically this image was described at the end of revelation ?
nutritional information (per pancake for of recipe)
would come at last to god's great town
these should not have happened if there are efficient and proper internal audit systems.
so imagine my surprise when i was given the chance to try out a pair of... hotpants
one thing that my students are doing along with several other teachers in my department is a book challenge to end the school year. for this final semester (two terms) we've asked the students to participate in a challenge to read books each term. they do have a variety of categoriesenres to choose from but they pretty much get to choose what they would like to read. in short we just want them to read. the fun part for me is that i'm doing it with them so we can all share what we're reading. that has really helped me get moving on my own book challenge for the year
a thought occurred to me whilst watching the obligatory election day pictures of party leaders and their wives voting.
so here i am abusing my body with saccharine filled ‘elderflower’ ricola while i’m struggling to start on preparing my bahasa practicals. at this point i’d eat anything to keep me awake and working at this hour. i’m so freakin’ exhausted. *sigh*
aiden grabs the picture again.
dal makhani is a famous punjabi dish which is a mixture of lentils cooked and high in protein.in restaurants they add loads of cream and butter to give richness to this dish.
thomas cried out jn :. “my lord and my god.” it was not “you are the lord the ruler of the universe.” nor was it “you are the god the maker of the world and of all mankind.” rather he cried out “you are my lord. you are my god.” he was submitting himself to christ as his personal lord and maker. it was more than believing the fact that jesus had risen from the dead. there is a massive difference between “believing about” and “trusting in”.
french names female
i can’t forget to set the alarm. tomorrow’s a workday. i’ll do what i can to help her be ready for work. oatmeal coffee and aspirin set out for breakfast. cell phone in the briefcase. keys by the purse. she’ll move slowly grabbing her head and complaining but i have a system that always gets her in the car and on her way to work by :.
he gave a mischievous wink and shoved her into the center of mankind
the yearold doctor was charged with conspiring to kill lee abraham following a bizarre weekend incident in which two men suspected of planning to murder the lawyer showed up at his office according to authorities and court documents. state agents who’d been tipped off to a possible murderforhire plot were waiting and gunfire broke out.
telling us all
he raises the poor from the dust

i have been able to do some fun runs in the last few days. on saturday i was able to run the color for tessa k at the american west heritage center with my old roommates jenna and tawni. it was so great to see them and to see their little kids.
nice lady: oh no everything was great it's just that we stepped away from the table and someone cleared away our wine and we still had two full glasses left.
oh lord yeah
dear samuel
um i have about minutes to get this done...because it's a crazy good tv night so what's on your dvr? i'm watching:
oscar wilde said "experience is the name we give to our mistakes."
a girl we are a little heavy on boys around here. every time i clean a bathroom around here i have begged god to give us another girl. thank you lord
i'm happy to present another interview with a grown unschooler to see all interviews with grown unschoolers on this blog go here. and now i hand the reins over to anna:
tea was finally made.
many of us are in awe of the french woman's style....whatever that may be defined as...but let's just say that most of us agree that there is something tres chic about the parisian woman. there are a million and one opinions out there about the hows and the whys (myself included) of that indefinable je ne sais quoi but recently vogue paris have cut to the chase and created a very simple list of ten essential items for any self respecting woman who would like to dress in the french way. this is a simple nononsense list that makes sense. these are pieces of clothing that we can all wear whatever our age....and isn't that the important point and the point of difference with french women....classic with a twist...a little like a martini...shaken and not stirred. we all want to dress french so here is the how....
finally a special hello the the best motor mechanic in kinross
katy and emily walked with jimmy and i to laurie's house to retrieve my other kids around dinner time. they were said that they had to go but i needed to get them home and fed before scouts. poor joe. he so wanted to join their family. he told me he wished that he'd been in laurie's tummy so he could have been born into her family. nice. and what am i chopped liver? where's the love joe? i'm sure not feeling it hehehe.
after the body’s needs are fulfilled what is the universal human desire?
where did i go wrong that i can’t understand this we must stand together and things will improve?
yet he added: ‘after i had a day to sleep i just sat there and said: ‘that’s perfect.”
this verse paraphrases the lesson in phillipians : which talks about jesus not regarding equality with god something to be grasped though he was in the form of god. how much more mere humans?
fiftyfifty brewing this sweet inky brew will give your palate something different to chew on than the hop monsters next door. eleven different grains (including handtoasted oats) and a dose of molasses provide its rich flavor and body. three shots of hops give it just enough bitterness and hop flavor. if the donner party would have had this there would have been no problem surviving the winter's cold.
 mine
on shoes
maybe we are eligible to join the many who minister to us on a minute by minute basis from the realms that surround and interpenetrate our third dimensional reality. after all we have been here done that so many times and got the spiritual scars to prove it so we could be in a prime position to help others on similar paths of self realisation.
another startling trend was that all of the nonbcs unbeatens had wins over twoa opponents. of the bcs unbeatens northwestern oklahoma state lsu had wins against twoa competition. texas tech had wins over two fcs teams and they became a poll exclusion as did all the others with interdivision wins with the exception of lsu who had a quality win against a ranked opponent* and utah whose opponent composite was the best of all the nonbcs unbeatens ().
all three lead size models of the rapid pro are essentially stylistically and mechanically the same. the only differences are at the ends of the pencils. lets start at the top.
i will keep you all posted
 things that i can do to continue my success during the month of may.
organic bamboo pod: $.
in science class today chloe's teacher described some rocks as "nonnative" and asked if anyone knew what that word meant. trying to give someone else a chance to answer chloe at first didn't put up her hand. no one else volunteered so the teacher turned it around: "okay how about 'native'?" still no response. chloe finally raised her hand and the teacher called on her.
i've done this before and it's getting worse. i'm cramming in more and more colours. there's no denying i've got a bad case of colour greed.
of teacher appreciation week
what to do: puttputt dining mazenavigating shopping metal work classes pottery painting candledipping kids parties (book in advance) and jungle gym climbing.
searching for handmade jewelry is easy since there is so much out there. but i wanted something beautiful and elegant with a touch of asian style to it i ran into chenese style. chenese style sales beautiful handmade jewelry and accessories with distinctive southeast asia style that's inspired by nature. they have a lovely selection of unique and colorful bracelets necklaces handbags earrings all handcrafted from a wide range of materials like wood fabric stones beads and glass.
i'm the planner.
now once the seat part is all smoothed and tucked and pinned in the creases smooth upward along the backrest. work your way up the middle and tuck each edge into the sides pinning as you move up. once you reach the top of the chair take as much pins as needed and pin as tight as you can to assure that the fabric does not shift and is smooth. this is very important because if the pins are not snug they will pop out eventually (not safe at all).
as for the new study this doesn’t really support mr thomas’ conclusions either. as i mentioned (to quote from the article on the study) “the majority of genes have more than one stopsignal” which looks at first to be redundant and useless. that we can show that there is a strong reason for this doesn’t mean that the organism cannot evolve. basically thomas does not succeed in backing up his conclusions:
her brain allows one halfformed thought to pass:
“fill four water pots with water and pour it on the burnt sacrifice and on the wood.” then he said “do it a second time” and they did it a second time; and he said “do it a third time” and they did it a third time. so the water ran all around the altar; and he also filled the trench with water.
i had forgotten about this question until piers fletcher reminded me in the comments section. it turns out that some human populations do have surprisingly good underwater vision; notably several groups of seagoing nomads in southeast asia (usually called “seagypsies” which seems almost definitely politically incorrect). researchers have compared the underwater spatial resolution of children from some of these tribes to that of european children and the seachildren fare over twice as well.
i emailed her to see if she was happy with it (she is) and an email conversation followed that i'm imagining drove amanda to the brink of insanity. next thing i know she's taken all the information i'd been rambling on about and turned them into gorgeous design boards i'm in love with all of them so once again my indecisiveness is crippling me. cue you guys...the clever readers
on the third day he rose again
timid than she looked of great
prior to jaws spielberg had only directed the littleseen goldie hawn film “the sugarland express“ and a made for tv movie “duel“.
“wherefore comfort ye one another with these words.”
it appears that levine is a fellow booklover which is part of what makes this book pleasurable to read. books by booklovers usually are. she speculates that "in many towns barnes & noble with its upholstered armchairs shiny mahogany tables and endlessly replenished shelves has become the new public library" (p ) with the exception "of course that you have to buy something to use it and these endless shelves contain only the books a marketing person considers saleable". frankly i fail to see the distinction. barnes & noble do allow you to browse without purchasing (you simply can't "borrow" outside the story but you definitely don't need to buy to use their facilities) and a library too contains only "saleable" books after all a publisher won't publish it if it's not saleable and a library won't buy it if it's unlikely to be in demand by borrowers. i don't know the situation in america but in australia many socalled public libraries charge you for use. one in the suburb i used to live in had a joining fee. i refused storming out rather pompously on the grounds that this was not a gymnasium. upon discussing such matters with nekochan yesterday i discovered that her local library charges patrons an outrageous $. per item put on hold. note that this is not for new books ordered in but merely to reserve a book already in stock but borrowed out. filthy of course i do not blame libraries for this. it's plain to anyone that libraries are not flush with money splashing around great wads of cash on marble bookshelves gilt edging for the paperbacks and flatscreen tvs advertising the latest acquisitions. hell most libraries i frequent now don't even have the money to cover their books it seems. they simply don't receive adequate funding.
the sister: she was shot twice: once in her side and once in the head.
the duties of a release manager (rm) are diverse it includes serving as a facilitator gatekeeper architect support engineer and overall as a coordinator. in these roles the rm will deal with software defects issues risks change requests feature requests deployment and packaging and community involvement. sometimes these duties are liken to the practice of herding cats however it's so far been my experience that most parties involved in apache projects just want things to go smoothly towards each release.
. no one cares about your ideas. no seriously. you’ve been told your ideas are awesome. college encourages critical thinking and challenging authority. in reality authority hates being challenged. don’t get me wrong speak your mind it’s the only way to get ahead but cover your butt while you’re doing it and quit being so proud of yourself about it.
no technology training. worked for the advisory board company a health care think tank for hospitals. antidoctor activist. supports obama healthcare rationing (i.e. death panels) and salaried doctors working exclusively for the government healthcare plan.
in a nod to strengthening the government’s appeal to the nonmalay minorities all contributions to missionary schools and houses of worship will become tax exempt.
next crumble up a small amount of your favorite cheese over the matzo. here i’m using a lowfat cabot basilomato medium moisture mozzarella i bought from costco. you could certainly use a mediummoisture grated pollyo mozz like a decent new york slice shop might have used years ago but i think a fresh mozzarella would be a waste. obviously if you’re strictly observant you want to use a kosher for passover cheese but your mileage may vary.
caut intellectual property advisory: the purpose of this advisory is to assist academic staff in retaining copyright ownership in the articles they publish in journals.
 vintage edition decorative bottle caps
not feeling like a very good mother today.
i’m not troubled by president obama’s slow jam with jimmy fallon who dubbed the commander in chief “preezy” during obama’s appearance on latenight tv. no preezy is making me queasy because his nonstop campaigning is looking well sleazy — and his ad suggesting that mitt romney wouldn’t have killed osama bin laden is just the beginning of it.
hello all. as you know i use a lot of music to get me going while i write. most of the time it provides great inspiration for my characters as well as certain scenes they’re involved in.
personality: arty farty
to make matters worse taslin spoke in a voice smooth with the assurance of experience. "in truth rel's right. i was taught that it's good manners to laugh when humans do."
a memo from the obama administration directs us government agencies to consider gay rights when making aid and asylum decisions.
helms finds odd medicine bundles stuffed in her overheating vehicle and under her residence and believes people are trying to “witch” her for some of the stories she wrote and her activities on the reservation. the medicine men help her recover from the witching and she knows now not to touch the bundles. “that's the 'black witchcraft' mother warned me about” she writes.
first of all i have to point out the flashing zutter's logo on the right... jennifer made it for the blog hop and gave instructions on how to put it on the blog and make it flash and by jove i managed to follow them and it does
"i'm fine." i say blushing "just clumsy."
i decided to make a couple small pizzas with italian meats provolone cheese and other items i found in my fridge. for the crust i used storebought tandoori naan bread. they make the perfect individual pizza crusts.
my mom (who was visiting my sister jan this week) and jan watched e. on tuesday morning so i could go work in the shop.
..
thanks for the lovely ladies on uks still trying to help me sort my blog if anyone has any ideas why people can't leave comments still please let me know so i can sort it. thanks:)
 quietly
this was by far the best sangria i’ve ever had. i’ve had a lot of bitterithy sangria. y’know where they use way too much citrus and it’s mostly peel. bleh
i wont be answering everyones commentsmails the way i normally do..
slate has an essay by christopher hitchens on galloway’s newest moral outrage. in an interview with gentleman’s quarterly the toad who is genetically incapable of gentlemanly behavior has suggested a final solution for his country’s prime minister:
bradly tafiti: i was skeptical about the high quality of mother’s day gifts in this cost
i was really anxious after our adoption meeting to meet with the re. he is also a family friend and had agreed to look over our records when he found out what we were going through. but because he is in a different state than us we were not going to be his patients so really he had nothing to gain by meeting with us and that made me feel like he would have no issue being brutally honest with us which is what i wanted.
so we started taking the younger one to day care first and then crossing
lunch then ice cream then drinks. shameless we weren’t the only travelers with this bright idea during the four day weekend. needless to explain traffic was atrocious. so were our appetites. seated in our favorite little window cove we scoped the specials menu and decided on the breaded clams to start. low and behold: the same crotchety waiter that served us during our last trip appeared in front of us with a not so bitter scowl. he was happy to take our order this time and quick to deny us any breaded clams. short of calling them ‘crap’ he suggested the calamari noting that the fishwife was famous for it. we were hesitant because you know it’s fried calamari. and then he served us these –
to be fair i can imagine a french person (okay ben) describing american weddings as lovely but somewhat stuffy affairs where everything is timed to the minute and over before you've even had time to digest the appetizer. since we are getting married in france he has nothing to worry about it will definitely be a super french and very long wedding. but despite all my time fretting about fitting in this is the one thing i really want to leave my american mark on even if it's only visually. i want people to say "wow i've never seen anything like this before" which really i think every couple wants for their wedding so maybe i'm putting extra stress on myself for nothing
here i am in omaha nebraska unable to get back to sleep. i just read a really good blog post by patti digh "remember". she writes well about what it was like for her that day. she also talks about how polarized and hateful things are in the us right now. however she brings it home to what matters: living your life now to the fullest.
is there anything i have forgotten about the first three princesses?
i hope you are all well :)
national association of realtors® latest pending sales report seems to confirm the trend. pending sales in march reached their highest level in nearly two years and are up . percent from one year earlier.
. lost by inside agitator
divide among salad bowls and garnish with the chopped peanuts.
that i do sir
enchantment strange as the blue up above.
and the grand prize winner who was drawn from a random slip of paper by my son tukey today is ....
barack obama had been shaped formed and molded by the luciferian militaryindustrialcongressional complex since birth. president of the united states barack obama is only an illusion. obama is part humanpart robot a damn cyborg reeking mindless and robotic warfare death and destruction across the globe.
since more people have been dying in south africa on a regular monthly basis than in any other fullscale war anywhere in the world.
dwight howards number are better as he is averaging more ppg rpg and bpg more than bynum according to http:espn.go.combalayer . howard also plays against tougher competition in the east division of the nba. so seriously what causes all this hype to make people believe bynum is better than howard.
anyways the couple of cards made yesterday were given to my two lovely coworkersoss betsy & susan. and to brag a little they also have got a huuuuge costcosized chocolate box. yum
besides those cookie bites i did well yesterday. i had my wholegrain oats with crunchy peanutbutter for breakfast a mixture of green beans diced tomatoes green peppers and chicken breast browned in olive oil for lunch a yogurt with four strawberries and some toasted almonds for snack meatballs with green beans for dinner and nothing else. it was on the low side for calories but today i will add an extra snack of fruit and protein.
provide guidance in the development of reliable ms service packages and products ensuring all adheres to best practices and standards.
let us look at south africa's performance from this point of view. in the s production and social service activities were labour intensive and employed a level of technology much lower than that of today's sophisticated industrial and information technologies. communication systems were much less developed and a much larger share of economic activity was nontradable. these circumstances suited the south african economy perfectly. it had access to a large pool of cheap and submissive labour and was richly endowed with minerals and raw materials required for the infrastructural development of both its own economy and for those of its trading partners. foreign competitors offering consumer goods were distant and did not threaten local producers which were perhaps less efficient and productive but which nevertheless had acquired the technology for setting up an effective and internally competitive south african economy.
“i will go and look” said bantum standing up.
after about a mile i hang a left towards evangeline downs. twisting on the throttle i roll down the boulevard that leads to the racetrack. though it is pretty early in the morning there already are a few jockeys leisurely riding their horses. while parking close to the track i wonder who is being warmed up the jockeys or the quarterhorses.
it’s not an easy job because not everyone has the same love and endearing loyalty to “that which is not of the ordinary”.
rnd : ch dc in next dc dc in next dc *dc in next dc dc in next dc; repeat from* around to last dc; dc in last dc; join with sl st to st dc ( dc)
index head
henry and susan samueli
ok i guess i added more movie that i watch recently…actually not too recent…huhu…but i’m just updated it now…cause of internet problem in my dorm…huhu…
whenever you hear a racialist democrat yapping about “the southern strategy” your hair should stand on end. republicans like barry goldwater richard nixon and ronald reagan who spent their entire political careers fighting democrats to end racial discrimination were spitefully accused of having a “southern strategy” because democrats were witnessing their political domination in the south end. the reason the south flipped to republican was not because republicans with proud civil rights records were reaching out to racists. it was a reaction to how the democrat endorsed ′s hippy drippy (occupyish) “worst generation” was polluting everything it touched.
transferring to domestic flights
raptor snatch: commercial fiction is complete at words.
every once in awhile i have posted on this blog about something that i wanted to go back to school to do. these things were ideas born of desperation. i just wanted to stop doing what i was doing....but it was out of the frying pan into the fire no more. i have been granted a reprieve and believe me i know how lucky i am and i am not going to blow it
my first card is for a close family friend and their son micah is turning i just love making kids cards. they are so fun.
for those who have never experienced it manual labor brings with it lots of aches and pains but transforms the world around you into something more real. food tastes better the air feels fresher (even when it rained and you had to be out in it) and you never take your work home with you.
walk with us....
you must have a clear vision of what your law firm and litigation support department may look like in time. that vision has to match the business interests of the firm overall. try and guess the details of what will be going on in months from now well that is impossible and just wishful thinking in an industry who puts out headlines like “will predictive coding replace associate in review.”
i hit upon a phrase that really struck a chord with what i was desiring moving through my days with purpose. i have finally found a system that works *for me* and true to my type nature it could not be a system that anyone else designed. i have a big month binder style calendar. i put my todo list on the spaces for each day. every morning i get a fresh piece of notebook paper and make my schedule for the day. every day starts out the same with breakfast taking my calcium magnesium planning my day and spending some time alone in prayer and reading my bible. beyond that each day still looks different from the next and i like that variety but i have some direction written down for what i want to accomplish before lunch and then what i want to accomplish before dinner. i don't schedule it down to the hour but depending on the day in hour chunks. i throw the paper away at the end of the day so all that is left on the semipermanent record of my calendar is my crossed off todo list. this works much better for me than writing down every detail on the calendar (a bit of perfectionism in me would cause me to develop a nervous twitch if i wrote down "laundry" on every day and missed it twice a week) and it works better than grabbing a random piece of paper to write down today's todo list but not having anywhere set and permanent to write down what i need to do next week and thus forget andr procrastinate.
article . the sipo will only make patent assessment reports for utillity model patent or design patent of which the date of filing are on and after october (meaning the priority date where priority is claimed) and will only make search reports for utility model patents of which the date of filing are before october (meaning the priority date where priority is claimed).
sec. . mandate. — () the department of environment and natural resources shall be primarily responsible for the implementation of the foregoing policy.
 drudgery
i’m working on another essay involving midcentury jazz and the blue note label — this one involving organist jimmy smith and record company vaults for the threepenny review – so i wanted to toss out links to some interesting related video clips. one is an interview with engineer rudy van gelder one of the most important people in modern music period. nearly every jazz session on blue note he was in the room taping it countless sessions for verve and prestige too. when you hear the warmth and richness of coltrane’s “blue train” and hank mobley’s “soul station” it’s because of rudy. when you hear every fine detail of a jazz drummer’s brushes or every crystaline note on kenny burrell’s guitar — and when jimmy smith’s organ sounds neither overdriven or like a chirping circus tent nightmare — we have rudy to thank. he is without question the coltrane of the control room.
this is an amazing month for me. my new book the best life ain't easy but it’s worth it released this fall with moody publishers. it’s full of stories of god’s faithfulness and reads like a novel. it’s the most personal honest reflective story i've ever told and it's all about god's patience and persistent love in my life.
i’m sure that there is a complex and intricate criteria for determining the greatest movie ever. a lot of learned people are probably involved and it probably takes into account a great many elements of the filmmaking process the artistic merits of the finished product and box office results. or it’s a pubic phone in on channel four. either way it’s nearly always citizen kane.
and miguel cabrera was playing his first game at third base since the season making his move across the diamond to accommodate fielder’s arrival. (and he did make an error)
university of sunderland sunderland sr sd
i don't know if you've heard of the sparkle project but in case you haven't haaaa.
in the mist of all this cold and flu as i lay in bed trying to shake the chills all the while sweating until i had to change my clothes i heard growls and barks and whimpers...the end result being an emergency run to the on call night time vet because our german shepard dog attacked our german shepard puppy and about took his eye out when it rains it pours i've about had it and between feeling little bits better and trying to function i've been bleaching the entire house removing sheets and extra bleaching the bathrooms trying to get rid of this crappy virus so far today i'm doing slightly better the scare of the puppy attack snapped me maybe into feeling better all kids attended school this morning and i'm officially out of nyquil...
we met deborah owner of the applegate valley lavender farm who was kind enough to let us take a look even though they weren't open for tours that day she showed us around explained the different types of lavender and how to grow and take care of them and let us pick a huge bunch for only $ we talked about baking with lavender bought a variety of lavender products and took some pictures at the lovely farm.
coors brewing company coors winterfest
looks innocent enough...
assumptions that the great republic must inevitably spiral into economic and strategic decline so like the chatter of the late s when japan was in vogue will seem wildly off the mark by then.
why does jesus warn those whom he had healed not to tell who he was? how does isaiah’s prophesy shed light on the type of messiah jesus was to be? would he come in violence or in peace?
tony blair warned the high command of rupert murdoch’s media empire last night that the thatcherite freemarket policies they espoused in the s had failed to provide the social and economic stability needed to manage the technological revolution they unleashed.
i absolutely loved kate in this dress. the newlywed looked dazzling and pristine. the lace sleeves made the dress look elegant while the bodice gave the dress a modern feel. what did you think of kate's dress?
i suppose sometimes the journalling just gives you a bit of a kickstart down memory lane and to also help re evaluate what is really important in life :)
i entered to win it on amandalandish's blog.
the days are flying by at the moment for all of us here at the hall and to be truthful i don't know what's got into the hounds these days but they are really whipping up some chaos. we would have announced our winner a lot earlier had it not been for ebenezer hound running off with santa's hat with all the names inside.
ebden did not own the story. while the video was unique to ebden the story itself was shared by a number of other people.
i tried so hard to be good to earn your favor and delight
are dancing slowly in this burning room
some of the mystery may now finally be dispelled at least for me as in researching this item i found this comment on another blog that featured the same ad...
items for sale:
and most of all i have a sweetheart. he's the only person in the whole world who knows and misses that baby princess the way i do and the only other person in the whole world who feels the wiggles of this unborn baby who will fill those clothes.
beat together butter and sugar on low speed (using a hand or stand mixer) until fluffy. stir in vanilla food coloring and egg; mix well. sift together flour and baking powder in a small bowl and slowly add to the sugar mixture combining well after each addition. once combined stir in chocolate chips using a wooden spoon.
in jerusalem you are never alone remember you are in jerusalem.
with certain items i’m a bit of a geek star wars is one i grew up with these films from sitting on the sofa watching the tv with my mini start wars action figures when i was about years of age.
 teaspoons vanilla extract (or vanilla bean paste)
i have enjoyed writing reading and connecting. the wonderful responses have been uplifting. even the negative ones have helped me to grow. i have gained confidence clarity and compassion. it has been like a dream having people read and connect with my words.
claude michael gann roswell ga.
while i am on the gba subject i will quickly address mother + this game would have made the most sense of any other mother title. mother and earthbound had both already been localized and porting the games to gba would have only taken weeks for a small treehouse team. being released in alongside its japanese counterpart would have been a smart decision and fairly low risk. though the impending launch of the ds and a pricey marketing campaign would have still marred the localization process.
i've decided to only do one show this year.
right about now as we head into may local farmers start to bring their asparagus crops to our markets. the minute i see the signs “locally grown” sitting atop mounds of the native spears i fill my cart with bunches. there are so many ways to use this spring produce. i serve them as an appetizer with a bowl of aioli for dipping or i grill or blanche them then season them with a sprinkle of lemon zest and a hint of fleur de sel. sometimes
isn’t that great education union employees have their own union? is there a union for employees of education union employee unions?
the mountaineer inn is not one of those monuments. but it is a marvel in its own right mainly due to its wonderful use of oldschool neon. the shotguntoting neon hillbilly seen above stands about feet tall and keeps watch over tunnel road a strip of hotels and restaurants on the other side of a mountain to the east of asheville.
milk (especially processed milk)
if you are interested in purchasing this book please consider supporting the book buff by purchasing from the following amazon link. thank you
it's friday night : p.m. we're staying in the quarter and we are already in our jammies. feeling only slightly pathetic about this.
and when thy heart began to beat
“my friend’s cheekbone was crushed. they attacked us with glass and burnt us with lit cigarettes. my face is burnt and totally disfigured. worst of all i really hated their racist comments.”
 incorporate
don't want your nine year old son reading nuts magazine? hide your copy under your bed for fucks sake. scared he might see the cover of a porn mag? how about you don't give him shoulder rides around your seedy local petrol station?
king wd woolhandler sj brown af jiang l kevorkian k himmelstein du bor dh. influenza vaccination and health care workers in the united states. j gen intern med ; : .
"yes i do honey."
when a major corporation donates money to a political campaign (remember almost all major corporations are government owned through collective investments) this is actually a loophole around campaign finance laws as this is really just the government donating money to its own candidate or party through its collectiveinvestmentowned “private” corporations. this is hard to swallow but true as the nose on your face for it was the banks who received the recent bailouts that were the largest campaign contributors to barack obama’s presidential campaign – in a big way. when you hear that all of these elites sit on each other’s boards of directors that’s only a halftruth.
they are all wonderful designs and several are designated to become pillows for my bench project. i really wrestled on whether to get christmas garden. i absolutely love it and all the ones i have seen stitched on other blogs just made me want it even more but the size i had promised myself that i would not start another bap until a few of my wips were finished up but those deer the family initials the birds and beautiful trees just took control of my senses i was under the influence of the stitching needle
if they think about me at all i think most readers must think i'm a brooding opinionated dick. an occasionally reflective dick but a dick nonetheless. i daresay i've lost a follower or two because of my snide remarks about the holy roman emperor palpatine or catholicism in general or my unsolicited opinions on how doomed to fail some people's quests for "love" are because they can't yet distinguish "love" from "lust" but hey dem there's the breaks.
where this vacancy was left inside a soul
is not like that at all she sees them as very powerful
“we are appalled by her actions just as we are with abuses of power against farmers of color and female farmers” naacp president benjamin jealous said in a statement.
bpa is an acronym for bisphenola and it has been in use for more than six decades tested hundreds of times and never found to post a threat to health but rather as an essential packaging element to protect it.
. my father was a bit of a pussy in tracking down leads for me so it looks like i”m going to have to take matters into my own hands there. he has a colleague who has a daughter who used to be an editor for nowdefunct madmoiselle magazine. the colleague didn’t offer up his daughter’s contact info and my dad is too gentile to be so forward as to ask so i’m going to call up the guy my damn self … sometime next week.
■cost: $ wree shipping (save $.)
cook the tagliatelli in a pan of boiling water until just cooked. drain leaving a little of the cooking water in the pan and set aside.
on the road to pittsburgh for .
. one flew over the cuckoo’s nest (jack nicholson) watched this again recently and was awed by it.
unfortunately we went away for a weekend and my ex’s inlaws are to put it lightly stupid. they didn’t feed or water them the whole weekend and when we got back they were gone. i did cry not going to lie. when we asked what the hell happened they said they thought we got someone else to care for them. i figure any other person would call if they had gotten someone else to watch their animals but i guess they’re not smart enough to figure that one out. (yes i’m still bitter. i loved those ducks. i fall for animals pretty quickly.)
stand with your hands by your side.
the market needs to be fulfilled and the market will be fulfilled by the first viable product that comes along.
this year the spirit of sxsw found its essence in the use of homeless people as human wifi hot spots. not only did this idea capture the wonderful spirit of sxsw it also demonstrated our commitment to our core values:
so here's a few of the latest cf related layouts i've made just in time for cf awareness month. i used noel mignon's kit homespun for all. enjoy
super easy to make because there is no butter to have to work into the flour. the fat that the butter usually supplies is in the heavy cream you use. flour baking powder sugar salt and heavy cream. if you mix it with a light hand and treat it somewhat gently you are rewarded with light tender delicious biscuits i served mine with just a little butter on them along side some chicken tenders i made. the next day i used them to make sausage and egg biscuits. they were delicious both ways. melissa used hers with sausage gravy...i sure could go for a plate of that right now...maybe i will go whip up another batch of these for lunch :)
victorious i strive for my goals every small step is a victory to me
economic and monetary policy what we are doing now is not working and failure to get our fiscal house in order is going to affect us all across the spectrum. i have to balance the budget at home. i make one and i keep it. if i can’t afford it i don’t do it. i take care of my own household first then i help others. our spending is out of control and if our government had to be given a credit rating like the rest of us based on debt income etc they would be considered a poor risk. ron paul is the only one shouting from the roof tops about the federal reserve how it works and what it’s doing and how serious our financial situation really is. he is america first.
while i don’t think that miss fisher’s is all that good of a murder mystery (when watching a good murder mystery at some point you might think to yourself “oh that’s neat” or “how clever” or “this should be interesting” or “this is going to be fun” – which i rarely do when watching miss fisher’s) i think that its biggest problem is that it lives on the abc. when the abc should have been giving us creatively daring series they’ve given us a legal drama (crownies) a crime drama (the straits) and a murder mystery (this thing); even the slap which was quite good was still an adaptation of a critically acclaimed bestselling novel; hardly a risk. the only thing miss fisher’s can really do to fix this problem is to become something that it is not. this is a murder mystery that appears uninterested in world building and allergic to anything beyond the bareminimum of serialization – this isn’t the stuff great shows are made of; this is the stuff fluffy friday night filler is made of.
singing jingles all day while sipping hot chocolate by the fire
. you know what really sucks? when you used to talk to your bff every day before and after school and at lunch and even in the hallway randomly throughout the day. and then you move. and you can't even manage a phone call. i am in serious need of a john deere mom fix. if you don't read her you should. i can guarantee that she'll be posting more in just a few short weeks. not that teachers look forward to summer at all (coughcough)
january was crazy you all know that and seen that in my blog posts. blogging like a drama queen. i admit it.
another great thing about evernote is that many apps have evernote support where you can export something to evernote and then have access to it anywhere. the user interface is intuitive and easy to learn.
bottom line piracy is bad and there should definitely be measures in place to protect copyrighted material which is what the entertainment industry (i.e. hollywood media companies etc) are hoping to achieve. but the devil is in the details. the end result is only as good as the path it took to get there. so i hope the lawmakers politicians and legislators are able to zoomout and take a look at the full picture before making a decision that could have a potentially crippling ripple effect on the internet as a whole.
meanwhile while doing this challenge i realize that i have a lot of black & dark colors in my closet. it still looks like a winter closet. what color(s) do you have most in your closet?
oaken barrel is one of the many indianapolisarea breweries that have expanded sales through the use of bottling and outside distribution. bottles are labeled one at a time with the help of a labeling machine then filled and capped four at a time on a capping machine. cardboard sixpack containers are unfolded from flat pack and filled by hand. “it’s labor intensive. it’s ridiculous” said havens.
"gimme all your lovin'" by zz top
keely generously invited all of us to her home one evening for a beautiful dinner party with delicious mexican food and other homemade treats; and we had the joy of meeting her family and being surrounded by her wonderfully artistic decor. keely had transformed her living room into an art room and the results were spirited and beautiful. as soon as we entered her home we were literally surrounded by her whimsical and colorful works of art perfectly arranged almost like being in a keely gallery.
i don’t have to tell that this passage was taken out of context of course.
like a kaleidoscope of colors and drops of purple rainbows
the reviews in general are conventional and miss a dark sinister heart in this wellacted and engaging drama. () it is seen as entertainment in a standard theme of coming of age after some life experiences. it has a subtle screenplay by nick hornby and the director was involved until the third draft.() the moral of the story is about making the right choices in life. jenny and her parents are taken in by a charmer a sociopath and the choice is fun and sophisticated restaurants and hotels or a humdrum life of teaching or civil service that begins after oxford university.
these activities have allegedly being going on for at least six years but it is only now that the police have acted.
the whole point of these exercises is to get your brain working. you want to develop these lists while you are writing if at all possible and as participants in the forum discovered i’m a stickler for specifics. generic answers (like ‘everyone’) don’t fly with me if you are to effectively promote your book you need specifics and details
this recipe can be made as a loaf as pictured or individual muffins and you can substitute the raisins for a cup of something else (prunes would be nice). fennel is an acquired taste i admit being the marmite of flavourings but the liquorice warmth balances the sweetness here. play around with spices though and see what takes your fancy. i have added ground almonds to the mix because i believe that the muffin’s downfall is its tendency to dryness which almonds will mitigate. if you are less catholic in your muffin persuasion and want to keep things simple stick to two cups (g) of flour.
others also had restrictions – look for example at the court of the women. ritually pure jewish women of course were allowed. there were specific exclusions for those who had menstruated or had had sexual intercourse and so forth.
sometimes i'll be talking to my friends about dressage and they'll glaze over. i know how can that be when the latest nuance of my m circle is cliff hangingly riveting?
oil country tubular limited has informed the exchange that the board of directors of the company in their meeting held on april have recommended dividend at the rate of rs. (rupees two only) per equity share (face value of rs.) for the financial year subject to approval of members at the ensuing annual general meeting.
the love dare starts with a secret. and though it’s been an unspoken element throughout each day you’ve likely grown more and more suspicious of it all the time. now that you’re this far it’s a secret you’re discovering for yourself even if you haven’t exactly known how to put it into words.
july 
the maloney team: bethel island ca. a little break from real estate for a bit. i thought i’d get out of town and visit bethel island to check out their annual excuse to act crazy drink beer and watch the catfish races. here’s some pics that you might enjoy
we had a lovely weekend with our granddaughters (oh yes and their parents). our oldest turned six and had her birthday party saturday. they have a local park with a picnic pavillion and a "splash pad" and little girls had a wet and wonderful time. the splash pad is free and has all kinds of water fountains that run on a minute timed meter so that it can used as long as you want by pressing a button. between that and the playground the party was a great success
wmskstlsports
but it doesn't stop the pain
several students from deforest area high school qualified for state competition which was held on saturday april at whitewater high school.
here is the publishers marketplace listing:
i made both braised red cabbage and dumplings to go with these. the dumplings were a disaster. i think i added too much liquid to the bread. they didn't hold their shape at all when i tried to simmer them in water (well except for two of them) so i won't be posting that recipe. :p
and lastly loyal friends who are always there for me and would lighten my load if only i would learn let them :)
sheikh al luhaidan the oldest member of the highest islamic council was probably the most shocked by king abdullah’s speech. in an interview on an islamic cable tv network al majd he said that he had no prior knowledge of the king’s decision nor was he asked his opinion on the inclusion of women. he also said he wished the king had not mentioned the highest islamic council at all.
what: a discussion with special guest jill brenneman child sextrafficking survivor (and later consenting adult sex worker) sexual assault crisis counselor & advocate for harm reduction & sex work decriminalization with sex workers without borders
thu johnson city ny magic city music hall
but color of my face i could not revive.
so as of now this is what i've got... i am sure there will be many more touches to add later on and i will keep you updated when i find them :)
thanks for stopping by today. i have some special projects to share with you. some old (but fav's) and some new. i decided to send in my submission for graphic 's open design team call. gosh can you imagine me being on the graphic design team? well it's been one of my dreams... and i've been creating with their products for a while now so i thought i'd give it a go i love graphic and being able to showcase their products in my projects like i already do but do it along side diane and her team... what a dream that would be for me ❤
the amazing array of secondary characters all help “reconstruct” charlie. they help as she uses her innate intellect and learned skills like running to assist as she works through her plan. her wealthy aunt eleanor and uncle stuart the unique people who make their home run like magic and the heartwinning australian labradoodles lord and lady embrace charlie rough edges and all. the connection she makes with each of them helps polish the many facets of her personality.
okay so these are all raw no touch ups. i did resize them so they’d be easier to upload. it was a very simple setup–i used the window in my study for light and bounced it a bit with a reflector. i used my mm lens. the background in the second photo is a different color because it’s the ceiling instead of the wall. there were some advantages to having the flowers in my study rather than outside. i could arrange and turn them. i preferred to shoot just a few rather than several at a time. not sure why. suppose i just like empty space. and i can’t ignore another important advantage: no bug bites i have bites all over me after taking photos of flowers outside. i always lie down on the grass and roll around. i forgot to buy patchouli today. i wear that stuff from maysept. it is a very good bug repellent. it keeps republicans away too
. tao was born on may . height ± cm and weighs kg
next seperate all of your english muffins and lay them on a cookie sheet. toast them up in the oven for about minutes. you can do this on the bottom shelf of the oven so it's all cooking at the same time.
after i received one of these in my march teen vogue box i went right out and purchased joy. i love it but since i already have the color i am trading this for amused which is one that i really like. joy is a gorgeous color though don't be fooled by the bright orange the breakdown:
. you might be healthy now but what happens if one day you aren’t?
actually a closer station is toranomon (ginza line yen and mins from shibuya).
initially that indoctrination together with so much else was aimed at undermining our society however over the years the aims have metamorphosed into something far more based on animus and iconoclasm than it is on ideology. the aim is no longer merely the destruction of our society and has become the destruction of us as a people.
two years ago joe biden said it was a “big f*cking deal”. now it is without doubt a big f*cking disaster and trayvon martin will be hoist onto an al sharpton flatbed truck for an obama adoption ceremony in order to avoid the “big f*cking disaster” getting discussed.
candle tells cupcake that he knows exactly how it feels being left out since all his fancy brothers and sisters (number candle stripy candle twisty candle superlong candle etc.) were picked too leaving him behind alone as well. candle decides that the only thing cupcake is missing that would make him feel special is a cool topping. so he sets off in search of a special topping to help cheer up cupcake. he brings back pickles and spaghetti and peas and even a squirrel which leaves a nut on top of cupcake's head.
volume contrast brilliance… sessions & singles ()
and then the realisation dawned on me.it was the instant i saw him walk away in the middle of the only class we had in common and for which he had turned up after two days; not even bothering with a glance at me.i recalled the story of a boy my best friend vidhi had told me the other daywho was so obsessed with a pendant his late dad had left for him that he quoted events and proofs to claim it as his lucky charm.he always won his soccer matches when he had the pendant with him.one fine dayhe discovered a crack in the thing and took it to his mom.his mom promised to get it mended and she did.the next day when the kid came back home after winning a matchhis mom kissed him and told him they needed to talk.turns out the pendant could not be repaired and the mother had bought an exactly similar one for the child just because he thought he could not go on without the pendantwhich as it was evidently provenhe totally could.i was being the child.my unrequited feelingsand the hurt and aching hollowness which were taking over them were distorting the paradigm through which i had to see the entire thing in context.i had to get my mind out of the mess where it could think rationally.fast and boyis blabbering always easier than doing the task for real 
we passed by the old bentall’s store now part of the bentall centre shopping complex which boasts that it contains over shops and attracts over million visitors a year. our main interest now however was to round off our day by exploring kingston’s famous market.
but if you’re going to think like this then there’s nothing that could possibly prove you wrong or undermine your position in any way however much it supports an alternative explanation to the one you favour. and thinking as inflexibly as this is never good because on the offchance that you are wrong to begin with you’re screwed. even if you decide that you’re not going to see anything in the bible as an internal contradiction however contradictory then passages like the above certainly shouldn’t lead you to the idea that it supports itself. the convoluted explanation for how judas died isn’t backed up anywhere else by any description that directly suggests that that’s what happened let alone by anything actually credible. even if you choose not to see it as an inconsistency something requiring such lateralthinking problemsolving as this ought to raise a red flag or two and make you wonder whether there’s enough of a reason outside of this passage to take the contrived workaround seriously.
nasty bugs aside i want to show you the card i made for my mom this year. she is a pie baker extraordinaire and when i saw this karen lockhart stamp last year i just knew that i had to make it for her.
when james knocks an elderly lady off her bicycle one night coming home from work it sets forth the chain of events that shape this novel. one moment will incite in kate the frustration and unhappiness and urge her to leave. james and hugh lifelong friends had once congratulated themselves on how lucky they were to have found love and happiness with young beautiful smart and happy women. now both of their comfortable happy lives are in upheaval.
my daughter and her friends loved every minute of it as i am sure their teachers and helpers did. one thing for sure it certainly shows that the youngsters of today are a very talented bunch. full marks to classic pictures and their team for putting this event together as it can’t be easy organising odd children and keeping them quiet during the solo spots. all in all a very enjoyable night of music and entertainment that will hopefully raise awareness of adoption and fostering.
so it’s nice to meet you i hope we can become friends
we spent monday (i took a vacation day from nonfarm job) running drip tape in the garlic beds.
exceptions to the double the final consonant spelling rules : if the word ends with two or more consonants or if the final consonant is preceded by two vowels instead of one.
girl you know you got me feeling stupid
below is a coffee cozy i made using the same pattern
i'll also say everyone is so concerned about the media and the size zero debate and promoting public health. what about the media and racethnicity? for the whole size zero thing i say it's all those exercise advertisements and slim down tips that get me. i see those and find myself planning an exercise regimen and a diet in a way those ads with photoshopped models don't. really what the models promote is more disatisfaction with other areas of my looks such as skin and hair. i've mentioned before on this blog that i used to do everything i could to straighten my curls away. why? because there was never anything for curly girls. it was all about the straight hair. and of course dolls those things girls look to so much in their childhood all had hair quite unlike mine despite my mother's best efforts to secure me only black dolls.
the article furthermore reveals that ‘valtari’ was recorded at mosfellsbær’s sundlaugin studios and is produced by the band along with jónsi’s partner alex somers.
justaname
“we weren’t sure what you liked so . . .” alexandre shrugged and spread his hands wide.
eventually after spending $ million in the primary mccain prevailed against hayworth by %% but that didn’t stop his requests for money. during his lopsided race against democrat rodney glassman mccain continued to implore me to send money to ensure his vital election. in november the result was another lopsided victory for mccain %%.
jr matinez – came to win last night seriously it was his night and everyone else was a spectator. he and karina knocked two dances out of the park last night and he is back on top of the leaderboard as he should be. he looks like a pro – his footwork is preceise his energy matches his partner he looks totally in control and confident… he just came out gangbusters last night
to teach realistic pressure point self defense techniques.
i feel so guilty then my pride will die
the accident of plate tectonics that opened oceanic barriers between the old and new worlds had an impact on disease that wasn’t clearly understood until quite recently. most of the world’s serious human pathogens came to our species from domestic livestock and nearly all of that happened in the old world because eurasia happened to have many more species suitable for domestication than the new world did. one at a time over the tens of millennia between the closing of the bering land bridge and the voyages of columbus pathogens found their way from animal vectors into the human population epidemics swept the old world and the survivors gradually picked up a certain level of resistance. those pathogens didn’t cross the ocean to the new world until the first european ships began to arrive but when they did they hit the native people of the americas all at once. within a century of as a result native populations collapsed to % or less of their precontact levels.
it's been a couple of hours now and ross is still at the intervention. sometimes i think forcing our friend to get help like physically dragging him into a treatment center and all but strapping him down (ross actually did that with him once) is the answer. he's staying with another friend right now in an arrangement that's about to end. and then? we don't know. we remind ourselves not to be fatalistic but we also say: "he could be homeless he could die; these are his choices if he opts not to get help."
milan and i went to reims france with another couple to see and enjoy the oldtimer fair. the four of us travelled in an excellent driving citroën cv. this driving duck might not be very silent but this might not suppress our fun. so funny to see all the other driver’s heads turn whenever you pass them while driving.
preheat oven to ˚
it's sad how some on the left think the towers were brought down by a controlled explosion orchestrated by bush and cheney while considering those who question the governments deference to the the religion of pieces nuts.
one of those nights that as a parent you never forget.
in the areas that they explore." while this may simply be an
here are articles by or about two of the most prominent authors and journalists in the jewish community in germany. there are about jews in the federal republic of which approximately have come since when the iron curtain fell and migration from russia and elsewhere east became more feasible.
i excluded the members of the federal reserve board because that problem was created by the congress. in congress delegated its constitutional duty to provide a sound currency to a federally chartered but private central bank.
speciality beers
“see rosy there? they were going to kill her. she’s got no back paw. she was born that way.”
what are your favourite places to shop for you? easy:) selfridges and start boutique in london. out of the high street shops zara is my absolute favourite. online it would have to be mywardrobe and netaporter
amid all the faffing about greece and its referendum (on which you might be surprised to hear that i don't actually have an opinion) there are little articles slipping in here and there which are frankly times more worrying than the economy.
thanks for visiting and if you haven't noticed we are glad you are here welcome.
mr. potter patted his son's shoulder. "this has been a very important evening for me" he said. "i've understood things about you william that i didn't quite understand before."
wish me luck and have a fabulous summer
: pm japan on st january 
running a used bookstore for the last fifteen years has educated me about which books are treasured or perhaps guarded is a better word by their owners and hardly ever relinquished back into the market. i rarely get any books in the shop about blacksmithing stained glass or rare coins; such classics as to kill a mockingbird catch the cat in the hat and gone with the wind don't show up to be traded; and works by a select group of authors and illustrators like shirley jackson w.h. auden edward gorey kurt vonnegut tasha tudor and philip k. dick are seldom brought to our doors.
so for the past month plus now i have been put on a very strict diet. to try to kill off the candida. no more white sugar white flour or white rice. no yeast anything. no fake sugars not even honey or maple syrup. no foods high in carbs. i have to take it real easy on the dairy foods each day (quite meager). no vinegar. so what is there left? veggies and brown rice. i have since then added quinoa and of course beans. oh and i can have chicken but dark meats i must also have minimally. i do eat fruit even though technically i am not suppose to. i was still afraid of my intial gluten intolerance but have recently added pure wheat flour back into my diet slowly. and for some reason small amounts of brown sugar seems to be okay.
exercising calling friends blogging organizing the house.
the search for the ‘black gold’ off ireland may now be about to deliver some tangible results. now an irish company has found the irish republic's first viable oil well. the oil exploration company providence resources plc has announced that it has made the discovery some km off the cork coast. the exploratory barryroe oil well has delivered double the amount of oil needed for future fullscale extraction to make commercial sense.
beef mince (g)
as an adult i visited an elephant sanctuary in srilanka and was moved by the close relationship between the elephant keepers – the mahouts – as they cared for washed bathed and splashed in the water with their ‘own’ special elephants. it was not until i saw a family of elephants playing in their natural element – water – that i began to really appreciate what noble and extraordinary creatures they are. seeing how tiny their keepers are some of them as young as thirteen made me realise that it is the elephants who decide to be gentle with their human keepers. they are in charge.
gingrich: i’m happy to. and i also want to attest i’m confident that dr. paul is quite ready to serve if he’s elected. watching him campaign he’s in great shape.
happy easter everyone the only musical events happening locally over the weekend that i've heard about:
pam spray (because it's important to be healthy)
was coming to the bournemouth pavilion ballroom i knew it was to be a success. on the day itself the event attracted hundreds and hundreds of bargainhunting vintageloving individuals all searching for that special something to add to their wardrobes drawers and dressing tables.
considering that this was the biggest turn out for one of the block trips yet i was very happy that there was going to be something to see. now we just needed the all clear from the principle that the recent poor weather had cleared up enough for kayaking if it hadn’t then he wouldn’t let us out … when we arrived in makino the weather was overcast and the water was a little choppy but ‘thumbs up’ we were cleared to go.
“does my bum look big in this gb?” she asked coyly.
copic colours used
he had a bubble in his throat
i touched her lips; she kissed my fingertips.
fenugreek powder gms
i proceeded to email him back immediately telling him absolutely yes and within more minutes i got a very excited email from kallie
the tears dwells in no way to escape
a quote to share...
hard to please () – acquired a mutation in each of the categories
just a chorus comprised of only a few words. a simple hallelujah.
versafine ink pad
close up
* tsp onion or garlic powder
and so here is my counterpoint to bill simmons and his reasons not to have kids: raising children is the most intense and personal diy project you can ever imagine. each child is different and you have to figure out a tremendous amount of stuff to make your parenting work. but in the process you can develop a relationship with this person unlike any other. you can also come to understand much more clearly why people are who they are and how they come to do the things that they do.
uncompelling as far as stories go...unlike "ace of cakes" (that is an oddly compelling little show you watched it yet? those are some badass cakes man makes me want to get married again.)
for the background i took two printed papers and tore them
i prefer “space weather” because it focuses our attention on the phenomena in space that travel from the sun to the earth.
our words and
this collection brims with humour inventiveness and the nitty gritty of being a kid in the modern primary school. but its real secret is how universal and timeless many of the experiences and ideas are in these poems.
she took a sip it didn’t taste bad and before she knew it he’d refilled both cups.
jerry anomie was born in tennessee but moved to houston as a young child. music never appealed to him growing up until a friend of his who worked at a record store played him the sex pistols and iggy pop. he ended up meeting iggy soon after that which helped give him a new outlook on life. having recently spent five and a half years in prison he started realizing he didn't have to be a criminal. he could be in a band
the audacity to change god’s word knows no measure. god clearly tells us heaven and earth will pass away but never his word.
thanks to warner brothers one very lucky adventures of a thrifty mommy reader will win all four dvds: the bodyguard joyful noise don juan de marco and new years eve click "read more" and follow the rafflecopter directions to enter.
mobile roadie has just added ipad apps and mobile websites to its selfservice toolset a big move beyond its iphone and android app offerings. the finnish company counts million end users across its platform.
not everyday is a strong day. despite keeping busy and talking with friends i still felt sad today. not so much because i no longer have my wife per se. i can honestly say that if she came begging for me to take her back i would not even consider it. but the emotional hole that has been left in her absence can still be felt. i don’t like being alone.
“bethany bethany” william struggled to keep his voice from descending into sobs.
the end result will be a rich and creamy mayonnaise mixture ready to use.
composition book
hg rating 
teddy and ducky also had class parties where they nominated which food they would take along. it was teddy who originally asked for the reindeer cupcakes and possum made some for her party too (it was rather handy having possum home those last weeks) and she also helped ducky make truffles for her class. family members weren't invited to these parties but we found out later on that everyone had enjoyed themselves.
toss in evoo or smart balance butter
george adams (tenor sax) jack walrath (trumpet)
adrien peeled himself off the wall and stood next to him holding his backpack tightly. the man told adrien to put it on the table he complied.
if you are one of those girls who had such an easy breezy time being a new mom this isnt for you. also i respect those girls who have ten thousand kids one after another and always have a smile.
 pits
there were also wild flowers here and there that people were desperately trying to photograph from various angles. we were very lucky with the weather. there were some rains a couple of days before so everything was lush green. we passed by one fallen redwood that was recently cut to clear the trail.
from worcester ma: healthy school foods within budget where
(sugar mountain missing)
enjoy hardhandell
one thing i absolutely love about this book is the light banter that keeps taking place in the group.i also liked the fact that the main character started unraveling .i thought she was a little too put together in solid .(yupi'm evil ...i want the main character to suffer)
we pulled wonder boy's ancient potty out of the attic last weekend just for the hell of it with no real plans to start anything but her majesty has shown a definite interest in it. on her own she has requested the reading of several pottytraining books we have left over from wonder boy's toddler years including the one about prudence and her "bottom for sitting and in it a hole for making poopoo."
the issue of pronunciation of latin provided some light relief.. cicero: pronounced sɪsɨroʊ classical latin: kikeroː the latin master was a modern and was very easy to wind up by adopting classical latin pronunciation. when asked why we were pronouncing cicero as kikero and caeser and keezar…. we would say that we were merely being classicists. this was not the unpleasant teasing of a teacher. the latin master was a fine man with a wry sense of humour who had the gift of illuminating with interest rather than resorting to the tactics of the mathematics master who used blackboard dusters as projectiles and the sharp end of a divider to din basic theorems into densenwilling and year old heads. the human rights act had not been passed when i was at school and i did not know any law so an application to the international criminal court was out of the question. at least he had not heard of waterboarding.
) the people there spits like fuck
we made sure he laid flat the next few days.
thank you to jen for sharing these insights into her family's experiences and for encouraging us all to take a more biblical and spiritual approach to our marriages. wb
level of tsundere: dippin’ dots
you shall be together when the white wings of death scatter your days.
finn handed a piece of wood to each of the two men before him and watched as they focused their will. the tips of each sliver of wood burst into flame. i started noticeably whereupon moira placed a steadying hand on my arm. each of the two men chose a circle of wood and placed the sliver inside the expertly laid bunch. everyone held their breath until each stack caught flame and burned brightly. just as in the airplane cabin a collective breath of relief filled the air about us. and when i looked back to the apple tree the three figures had disappeared. i shook my head in wonderment. had i really just seen them standing there after all?
requisition number: pd
here is another photo of quilters hard at work. the margarita glasses were unfortunately used for diet coke
 small tomato thinly sliced
there is just something so powerful when two mothers' hearts love a child. it's a connection that is deep and real. whenever laurel and i spend time together conversation always turns to how perfect our situation is and how thankful we are for each other. our love for each other is truly something uniquely beautiful.
i have a great deal of respect for this author and i’ve been trying to figure out why. she doesn’t carry you away with her tales; she doesn’t present anything new; she doesn’t challenge a current social more by bringing some shocking thing into an otherwise natural setting.
you’re getting along fairly well both physically and mental healthwise. you’ve been dealing with horrendous dental issues that have plagued you on and off since the morning of christmas eve when while innocently brushing your teeth you felt an unholy bitch of a pain which subsequently led to an extraction three root canals and a series of underthegum scrapings. okay that hasn’t been the best. but otherwise you’re back to watching what you eat exercising fairly regularly and feeling pretty good most of the time.
the only discomfort came when lunch was served. it was some kind of fish which is something i got completely turned off to in iceland. thereeverything was fish even beef had a fishy taste and when the wind blew in a certain direction it brought with it a generous whiff from the edge of town where racks of fish were hung out to dry. so i probably had not eaten fish in twenty years but this was one time when i felt that i had to. however i could only go so far so i pushed the skin to the edge of my plate—discreetly i thought—but it did not escape miles' attention.
perhaps i am overstating this as there are lots of good things here for all kinds of people to enjoy: a satisfying understatedly clever plot good art direction and there are some brilliantly orchestrated sequences – the voodoo swordfight being a particular standout. most of the acting is shall we say not especially nuanced but none the worse for that with only a few performances that really make you grimance – robert de niro takes an axe to his own reputation once again with a deeply peculiar turn as a gay transvestite pirate (another weird tonal choice) ricky gervais is well ricky gervais as usual and above all…
here are a few of my favorite ways to wear chambray right now:
done some nose job facelift breast augmentation etc (just look at those korean stars)
because a mad dog only needs a bone.
the european studies postgraduate research group at king’s college london is pleased to announce a call for papers for their forthcoming research seminar developments in contemporary citizenship.
i’m really bad at waking up in the morning. really really really bad. wakeupinsuchastuporifeelmorallyobligatedtoreturntodreamandcarryonwithdreamlife sort of bad. staying up is easy i’ve pulled three allnighters in the past month or so to do school. generally i just wake up in enough time to go to class and the anxiety of being late motivates me to pick myself out of my cozy bed. i’m hardly late or absent. i easily acquired complacency.
on what date was international ipa day?
then she ladled the coffee out and placed it in a bowl. turning to her
you realize of course that as i mentioned a few days ago that this time of year (easter) chickens do not receive any well deserved credit for easter eggs. this due to the fact that bunnies get all the credit. yes….the chickens toil day in and day out laying those eggs only to have stinkin’ rabbits swoop in beat feet with all those eggs color them and pawn them off as their own creations.
and asked "sooo how do i become an official member of the clean hands club? are there dues? secret handshakes? oh no i guess there probably aren't any handshakes at all in that club. unless you use hand sanitizer that is. do you get a free sample of hand sanitizer for joining?"
some they strained and drowned
i also ironed some fusible webbing onto the back of some cute little novelty fabrics and fussy cut them out. i ironed them onto my background and pinned my top to the batting and just raw edge appliqued them in place. i think next time i would use a fabric that is more contrasting because they got lost a bit on my background.
man time flies. sorry sorry i shouldn't let so much time pass between blog posts. last post i was pointing out just how much more some poor slob has at stake acknowledging (to himself) and then communicating his passion for his fellow fellow to said um fellow.
i’m a big city kinda girl bangkok was never ever on my bucket list. but it was a necessary evil that i had to endure to come to se asia. i made sure i didn’t fly into here but singapore instead. dread consumed me for at least one whole day in koh tao knowing bangkok was my next stop. so yes this was something i learned about me that i think maybe i knew but now it’s confirmed. big cities even bangkok don’t scare me – they entice me you can be sure new york city is now on my bucket list
the alice cooper boy also supported west ham and one day he planned a trip for us. we were to get a red bus rover and visit every london football ground in a day. we got as far as west ham leyton orient and arsenal before having to turn back as it was getting late.
b the movies
i entered us at novice only because we have unfinished business at las cruces. we are ready for training. ann gave us the green light on our dressage and we're solid at '" right now. las cruces would be a great place to move up but there are places that are good move up courses in area so i'm not worried. i have done my research. we'll finish what we started at las cruces and move on to bigger better things in area .
the nrc declined to comment directly to accusations it’s reluctant to draw attention to the spent fuel vulnerability at fukushima daiichi because it would bring more awareness to the dangers of irradiated storage here in the u.s. but the agency did respond to a question about what it has done to address the vulnerability of spent nuclear fuel storage at u.s. nuclear sites with the mark i and ii designs.
what you can do: beginning september u.s. supermarkets are required to label salmon as farmed or wild. we suggest that you choose wild rather than farmed salmon and if purchasing chinook salmon choose alaskan chinook.(october )
cool on rack. slice to serve.
it is clear that this is not some exercise in haphazard experimentalism with some strange new sounds but a focused considered and coherent collection. there is not an inch of fat present on a record that is brimming with taut whitehot electronic rock.
terrence hannum’s top ten. hannum is an artist and writer basing his operations in chicago. he also directs the mighty fine art criticism website panelhouse
ajewell
then cut a banana in half lengthwise. originally this called for a whole banana. we used a whole one the first time. it was a lot of banana but maybe you'll like it. cutting it in half also works for us because we were making two of these. and the recipients have little mouths. put it on your hotdog bun.
this is a fine italian restaurant which has only recently been opened. they pride themselves in using fresh ingredients with the meat and cheese sourced directly from italy and fish from the local market. excellent service fantastic food and a great experience was had and will hopefully have again when i’m next in the area. would highly recommend
i will not be joining the turban revolution. i tried on a turban during one of my shopping trips last fall. instead of looking chic and fabulous i looked old. going to play bingo at church old. not cute. i couldn't snatch that turban off my head fast enough and i looked around to make sure no one witnessed my style failure.
if jesus was crucified on a wednesday the first night and first day that jesus was in the tomb would be thursday; second night and second day would be friday and third night and third day would be saturday. the fourth day when the tomb was discovered empty would be sunday.
"may ne'er a noble
anyone else a fan of a fringe? and have i used the word ‘fringe’ enough today? fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe…..
now that may is finally upon us i have to admit i´m like a child at christmas unaware of what to expect and completely unable to contain my excitement on friday evening once another week of work came to an end (can´t believe how quickly the weeks are flying by) i embraced this excitement and took to the streets of córdoba in search of las cruces and the vivacious atmosphere which comes with them
we lost dear wilson (willy wilsonator clownboy weewee) this year. neither of us can stand to look at a golden retreiver yet without tearing up. as naughty & irritating as he could be at times he was very sweet often amusing & a great friend. i miss him.
i have been following my colombian recipes www.mycolombianrecipes.com loyally since i started blogging. erica was born and raised in colombia and now lives in the u.s.. erica strives through her blog to bring awareness and appreciation for colombian culture and food traditions. you may have already discovered her blog. if not please take the time to stop by and say hello to her. you will not be disappointed.
label: urgentcbs
these two films street on april and hopefully more will be released before the eventual demise of the dvd format (get those disks while you can collectors). actually i just checked and there's a third title (more info here). with all the garbage coming out of hollywood these days a nice roman porno could be an exciting change of pace. if you've never seen one now's your chance
the digital world is not just about content anymore. it’s about presence. limelight enables companies to publish manage and deliver their digital presence through websites video live events social media and a variety of other channels. combining a suite of saasbased tools policydriven cloud storage and proven cdn technologies with a private global compute network customers can focus on what’s importantgrowing their business. we handle the rest ensuring that digital presence is available from any device anywhere in the world. visit our booth at nab to learn how we can help you orchestrate your digital presence. brilliantly.
more importantly why is it up to critics to point out a basic fact? the article began:
great job ladies. grab your top three badge on the side of the blog and add it to your blog with pride. if any of you would like to be a guest dt member in the future please send me an email and we will arrange that.
then she calls. twice. which i ignore because again my bosses are here
this year we will be holding a natural beekeepers
isn't place de furstemberg looking lovely today?
good surprise but definitely not what the crowd wanted… they wanted a killing here by kharma. layla’s been working on her shit that’s for sure.
it was these words that resonated with me the most...
mayall: penis drip catchers with knocker holders (laughs).
walker face of shaving cream got in the shower with him and washed him off as well as he could.
heart decals with our name & date and spelling our "cards" on our card box
photo credits: mgm aston martin pixar
. math question you may use your cell or a classroom computer (not your laptop) as a calculator. read both questions and pick one (you may do both but i’ll only count one and the test has three more portions so you know make a good decision).
really? unless someone has a medical condition i can pretty much assure them that if they have been on the plan for six weeks they would consistently lose weight.
chapter contains miscellaneous laws including one that states that if a man is caught in adultery with another man’s wife both of them are to die which is interesting in light of the scene in the new testament where the pharisees drag a woman in front of jesus claiming she was caught in adultery. i’ve always wondered why they didn’t bring the man too.
into strips red bell pepper onions salt pepper and a little bit
flagrant weakness
and make my soul quit abelard for god.
you seem to move on easy
just for kicks and giggles here are a few more interesting video clips similar to the social media revolution.
makes approximately muffins.
i just looked at angie's "spoonful of sugar" facebook page and it looks like she is getting lots of great new merchandise (isn't her photography great?)
well good it shows that children are observant about everyday life and are familiar with a normal part of that life ie drinking alcoholic drinks. oh but the fake charity alcohol concern cymru who are funded by the taxpayer (£. in ) don't see it that way reading between the lines it is clear they want a ban on the advertising of alcoholic drinks "won't someone think of the children" is their cry and the idiots in the welsh government who fund these prohibitionists are likely to give in to their demands.
i can almost hear the shrieks of mortal despair...
there are three types of control structures
manchester city have crumbled in recent months and have allowed their archrivals to take almost complete control of the title race.
really. it's a blast. it will make you yeah smile.
i'm happy to tell you i've completed another commission for the lovely molly over at reviews by molly. as my first customer since the prices remix i'm happy to say she was a joy to work with. we had some great brainstorming going on i tell you.
it is my happiness to unveil this cover for my brandnew story to you in the coming months i will be revealing more about the novel so please stay tuned. and if you would like to help spread the word on your blog leave me a comment with your email.
i once read an interview with roger waters where he said something like ‘we didn’t really come together musically until meddle’. and you can hear the turning point in the overall sound of this album. without this evolution we would probably not have had the masterpiece that is dark side of the moon where it went beyond together into a place i’m not sure i can describe. go out today and get yourself a copy of meddle it is still an amazing album both in terms of musical talent and production. there’s so much depth to this wonderful album.
location: new rochelle ny
stuffed portobellos
now the opposite view is that everything starts with consciousness.that is consciousness is the ground of all being. in this view consciousness imposes “downward causation.” in other words our free will is real. when we act in the world we really are acting with causal power. this view does not deny that matter also has causal potency—it does not deny that there is causal power from elementary particles upward so there is upward causation—but in addition it insists that there is also downward causation. it shows up in our creativity and acts of free will or when we make moral decisions. in those occasions we are actually witnessing downward causation by consciousness.
what happened so far
i went to crema cafe on tuesday and was surprised to see that two of their pastries were labeled (labeled) as gluten free. they had a coconut macaroon and some nebulous bar type thing that was labeled as a “cranberry pistachio” bar. it looked like it was made with oats but it was very difficult to tell.
many writers identify james the less () with james the just (). a difficulty with that identification is that we are told that the brothers of jesus did not believe in him (j :) which would mean that they could not have been numbered among the twelve. (it is commonly supposed that james () came to believe only after the resurrection ( corinthians :).) on the other hand john does not name the unbelieving brothers and they may not have included james.
democrats are trying to distance themselves from senior democrat and obama strategist hillary rosen’s attack on women and on motherhood. it’s a tough sell: hillary rosen has visited the obama white house times versus only times for energy secretary steven chu only times for cia director david petraeus and interestingly only times for joe biden.
i’d been to the norwegian capital a number of times before. actually it’s where fiona and i first celebrated our engagement after hitchhiking around scandinavia with no money for three weeks and figuring that if we could survive that we might as well buy some rings.
potatoes kg
also two more quick pieces of news:
the piece seems to have no understanding of the costbenefit relationship that advertisers have to deal with. it states
i pretty much loved this book don't get me wrong it has its absolutely horrifying moments but it is still an amazing story.
sarah jane tattersal labour 
the world cup is also a wonderful time for snobs to look down on us chavs for wearing soccer shirts or sticking flags on our cars but being a chav myself it also allows me to display my sneering aggressive contempt towards my betters despite no desire to obtain either the overpriced nylon shirt or tatty flag. the nation is celebrating join in or go home and watch a dvd box set.
sprint blackberry (sprintblackberry.wordpress.com) is a participant in the amazon services llc and amazon eu associates programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com amazon.ca amazon.co.uk amazon.de amazon.fr amazon.it and amazon.es. certain content that appears on this website comes from amazon services llc andr amazon eu. this content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
as i was getting ready to hit the publish button rohan came in with another inch large mouth bass
…can buckle his carseat almost all by himself.
i roll my eyes “i think i’ve learnt my lesson about playing in the company sandbox.”
the audio in this video is a bit weak administrator armendariz says:
the series features carefully curated undergroundndie international musicians in equally interesting venues ultimately bringing you an original music experience the likes of which have never been seen in south africa before”
i hate them. never liked them. have always been afraid of them. i have no idea from which my fear stems i just remember always feeling this way. me + ground good. me + not on the ground i’m going to die you’re going to die we’re all going to diiiiieeeeeee.
well i'm going to run. hope you all are well happy hump day
for about sixteen years christ travelled through turkey persia western europe and possibly england. he finally arrived with mary to a place near kashmir where she died. after many years in kashmir teaching to an appreciative population who venerated him as a great prophet reformer and saint he died and was buried in a tomb in kashmir itself.
at present reebok outlets are operational in india. according to a delhibased franchisee who did not want to be identified “since the last six to seven months reebok was working to abolish the mg model and work on a rent plus margin model with its franchisees in india.”
lg company has set a good pace in electronic industry by releasing cuttingedge technologies amidst stiff competition from traditional competitors such as sony. the technology savvy team at lg have converted the bluray disk player from just playing blue ray movies to being able to hook up to the netfix and youtube streaming video. essentially you can now watch and play videos from your bluray bd.
lovely concentration with real texture in the mouth and long finish – honey and nuts & delicate dried and fresh apricot. a well balanced example – points.
if anni’s friends and family were remotely sincere about wanting a free and fair trial for shrien dewani and hearing the truth in any trial wherein he is accused; i would suggest that you ask the south african government to proceed with the matter as a private prosecution in england where mr. dewani can be tried before a british judge and jury.
to start my abstract i diluted purple scarlet lilac and blue heavy body acrylics so they were transparent and could be poured. this photo was taken after two pours. i poured through napkins paper towels and kleenex but didn’t get much added texture because the massa provided so much.
at lunchtime there are two readings in louth drogheda library host marie mcsweeney at .pm where marie will be reading from her recent work. marie has won many prizes for her short stories and poetry including the francis macmanus award. dkit library host a reading in the library's rooftop atrium garden where people can come and listen to poets past and present.
i read up on smiling and this is what i read:
then you come out the other side and you’re back in the dam.
alone among prejudices antisemitism makes total and complete morons out of its adherents. with the notable exceptions of hunter wallace and the crew at occidental dissent just about every antisemite i’ve read on the internet is two whips short of a bdsm kit. i think the hysterical factfree nature of antisemitism is part of the problem. people who hate or distrust blacksams at least have the facts on their side – jewhaters have to make stuff up about conspiracies to take control of the world and deracinate white people in order to justify their paranoia. when someone comes along to debunk their idiocy with cold hard facts they attack them in the most insane ways possible. this is why i don’t bother arguing about the jews with antisemites – it’s as productive as arguing with truthers about .
what causes the pharisees to plot to kill jesus? jesus had just healed a man with a shriveled hand on the sabbath. why was this a big deal? the pharisees’ power and popularity with the people was rooted in their perceived devotion to the jewish law. what the people could not see was that the pharisee’s strict adherence to the law was not motivated by love for god and love for their neighbor but by a lust for power. jesus uses this healing to expose their hypocrisy. work was forbidden on the sabbath the seventh day of the week by the jewish law. the pharisees taught that healing was work and therefore was illegal on the sabbath. but jesus’ healing points out the absurdity of their position. how can an act of love for your neighbor be against the law of god? shamed the pharisees do not repent and submit to jesus. instead they plot to get rid of him.
david lachapelle (a photographer)
* curtains of wisteria softly calling with sweetness
while charlotte magazine names their best restaurants we enjoyed dinner at the epicentre each night – testing out vida mexican kitchen y cantina and blackfinn. both delicious and right up our alley. postdinner entertainment was also right at our finger tips – bowling sweets or a selection of bars and clubs
(makes him sound like an ogre right? he doesn't say no to much but tv trays was one thing another is a kitchenaid mixer and a front door painted pink).
my cousins all looked like each other and were all alike in certain ways. i was different. i guess those words say a lot i always felt comfortable with mum and dad but not other members of the family. i did try to fit in with extended family but i found it difficult. i also felt like the family looked at me differently because i wasn’t blood related. i was just someone a stranger who had been brought into the family. then there would be times where i felt people pitied me because i was adopted. this may have been the case or it may have been paranoia and all in my mind.
sainte chapelle earringsanthropologie
he cloaked himself as a person would. he had been injured previously in a small riot and didn't want to reveal what state he was in. not everyone in sharn had been ready for his ideas and he was ready to suffer for it. his radical movement was still smaller than he wanted but it was gaining momentum. precisely the reason why the lord of the blades wanted to meet with him or so he thought.
“this briefing paper and draft contempt report explains the case to both members of the committee and the american people for holding attorney general holder in contempt of congress” said issa. “in describing the results of the justice department’s refusal to cooperate – including the hardships the family of a fallen border patrol agent have faced in seeking the truth and retaliation against agents who blew the whistle on gunwalking – this briefing paper provides the facts on which decisions will be made.”
thank you to all who bid for these items and particularly to those who ended up buying: cris andrew stephen susanna eduardo kylie nicole anna karlis terri annie & barbara.
with so many people tuning into these programs that’s more and more people becoming informed about the issue of human trafficking.
pre addendum (if there’s such a thing: hat tip to my tweeting friend citizen sane even if the guardian editorial url he sent me was the day after the one i used ;). his link was an index pointing to thursday’s editorial. mine was direct. as the good citizen says – “they always put opinion pieces & leaders online the night before. but this was printed in friday’s physical edition.” pedants united.
btw i follow the exact same routine when i write stories (including the weekend words exercise). someone once suggested that if i was stuck i should write a scene that's so out there it borders on ridiculous i've tried this a couple of times and have found a nugget or two that has helped with my 'stuckness' (oh yes that's a word). hmm i've never tried that for when i'm stuck with the blog i may have to give that a go next time i'm faced with the blank screen
umno has always been in the political comfort zone for almost five decades. gerrymandering of constituents has favoured umno in most rural areas when urban areas dominated by the chinese saw big number of electorate for parliamentary seats.
i never had or heard of a wip in my life until i met my scrap bff in real life. after we'd crop i discovered sometimes that she just sat on layouts that i thought looked perfectly fine and ready to post. then it got me in this stage where i never thought anything was good enough or that i shouldn't be rushing through layouts without a lot of thought to whether it was good to go
what the heck bug is at her nana's this morning the house is quiet and i'm enjoying coffee. that sounds like the perfect time to join friday follow and find some new blogs
“i came to living waters feeling quite stuck hopeless and finding it hard to feel accepted in some relationships. abuse was part of my past. in the talks i saw that some of the events of my life were truly damaging. i learned the importance of things like boundaries and understood that my boundaries had been broken (more than i had supposed). when i went to my small group i could talk about the things i learned and pray about them. god was there with me in my abuse. i was able to bring my hurt and worries to the cross and experience how compassionate christ is. now when things are hard i am much more likely to go to god instead of either compartmentalizing my pain or spiraling down into negative thought patterns. i know i have a choice.”
i don't think this was stanley's plan with these pieces. that he and lebeck sought for a creative alternativei.e. to make these dirys something readers might actually look forward to readingwas impressive enough. that lulu's personality emerges from this prose is a remarkable perk.
older i get the more i appreciate silence.
mix the water vinegar sugar salt and shichimi togarashi in a saucepan. bring to a full boil to dissolve sugar. alternatively put the ingredients in a large glass measuring cup and heat to boiling in microwave.
last week i was down in london for the walker books th birthday party totally starstruck by all the wonderful writers and illustrators gathered there back home for a few days of tax returns from which i've now escaped hooray so i'm happily looking forward to my next two visits.
for a while..
howdy it’s been a week. school had started last week wednesday. i can’t tell you all the details now but maybe someday i will not just today. the problem is i can’t have that time for lomography weekends already because of school. yet maybe perhaps i could share a little stuff which happened on the first week of being a junior in high school.
improved circulation and heart health
while driving down my road something caught my eye so i turned around. lo and behold there were eight wilson's snipe in a corn stubble field right off the side of the road. i had my camera so i snapped a few pics out of the car window. very camouflaged birds.
i started with this
in a mass media world – this sketching of target audiences was a technique developed to ensure messages about products and services could be broadcasted to desired groups. yet in the social media world – even with the potential to microtarget individuals – limited resources mean persona development still feels necessary.
the practices of the hops growers in farnham were quite distinct from those of the growers in kent which i may return to later. i'll note at this point that unlike the hop gardens and oast houses of kent the farnham growers it seems had hop grounds and hop kilns.
this means that our contemporary evangelical churches must continue to take responsibility and carry the load for evangelism and mission in urban communities. thankfully many churches have not forgotten or lost their passion and vision for evangelism and outreach. as christ’s visible church triumphant in north american society we must remember and carry out jesus’ great commission from matthew : “therefore go and make disciples of all nations baptizing them in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit teaching them to obey everything i have commanded you”.
there’s a lot more in the original piece but the main point is that feminists wanted this to happen and women today can decide for themselves whether they like the results of feminism. i know one thing for sure – no christian man wants to marry a woman who engages in recreational sex outside of marriage. it ruins a woman’s capabilities in a host of areas necessary for love marriage and parenting not the least of which is trust. a woman has to stop this behavior and put on chastity in order to stand any chance of having a successful marriage in my opinion.
he took off back inside the house and although i was busting to laugh i knew better and stayed quiet as a little mouse.
consider the lovely watt panels you see for sale at your local store. one would think that one of these should provide most of our power needs. not so. in order to figure the solar panel we need to convert from watts to amps by dividing by the voltage of the panel which is about . this gives us a rate of about amps per hour. because the sun moves during the day and the boat is also moving the most common thing is to mount the panels horizontally. we consider that we get a total of five hours worth of sun a day so that watt panel will give us about amps per day or about half of what the fridge needs. don’t even talk to me about the smaller panels you see advertised.
tv has been hammering me with trailers for the new john carter movie for over a month now and it worked. heck i couldn’t even wait for the movie. i had to bust out my old science fiction book club volumes and dive back into the world of barsoom.
however as is often the case where human universals are concerned looking to similar behaviors in other animals can be especially instructive. for example a study that has just been released in the american journal of primatology has captured the most complete process to date of what could only be described as mourning behavior in nonhuman primates. katherine cronin and colleagues at the max planck institute gonzaga university and the chimfunshi wildlife orphanage trust in zambia have documented a case where a chimpanzee mother faced what for most of us would be an unthinkable horror: the death of her child.
ten years provides a lot of perspective. when i celebrate my thirtieth birthday we will have officially been at war with the taliban for a decade. how do i feel about that? i don't know in all honesty. i sit in the aftermath of anders behring brievik's attack on oslo and wonder. what could have been different? could our reaction have been moderated even in the face of such an audacious attack? what have we given up in the name of security? these are all questions i cannot answer; though i feel now later i am better prepared and informed to consider them honestly.
with that in mind i offer you a quiz with seven questions about pigs and three about peanut butter (the answers are at the end of this post)******:
for never do prayers go unanswered
for a delectable meal that lasted over three hours
green damask with pink taffeta. i'm not sure where this image has come from (please let me know if you do) but isn't it sublime? the lipstickpink drapes the wallpaper the fashion illustration the modern glass desk and the pink bouquet all combine to create a fresh feminine and thoroughly sophisticated space.
* doctoral degree (ph.d. dr.ph md sc.d) in epidemiology health services research economics or related field or equivalent training & mastery
in my book america’s war on sex: the attack on law lust & liberty was published. with a foreword by aclu president nadine strossen it documented how the bush administration the religious right fox news and “decency” groups were using the issue of sexual regulation to undermine secular democracy.
today after a hearty easter breakfast of boiled eggs soldiers baked yoghurt hotcrossed bus and coffee (you really have to be properly fuelled you know) i invited sarah to join me and we made our way in the drizzle to the coastal run. another k in total – but i was glad to have sarah with me as an excuse to go slower and stop occasionally after my beer wine and bbq saturday. the chinups were more successful than last week but i’ve made myself a challenge today: to step up from my current to a much more manly before the real event.
mat zain said that even if the minister’s family repaid the “entire amount of the loan” it did not change the fact that allegations of alleged financial abuse had been made. he also said nazri’s remarks contradicted what he had said in parliament last year.
everyone goes there.
dedicated to those many people who have a real problem getting those damn pills into their stomachs.
begin to process and clear any patterns fearful thoughts or habits that might hold some aspect of fear. it is fear in any form that is the ball and chain anchoring you to this dense reality of the third dimension. fear keeps you in a state of limitation especially the fear of the unknown.
but they really are beautiful and very high quality.
mcgwire says that he was born to hit home runs. that he has hit home runs his whole life. and that his steroid use was done to keep him healthy or more specifically to keep him from being constantly injured. he did not do so he explained to get larger muscles.
i stumble in to the department to various comments about the local bum turning up for work. this prompts me to a caffeine fix (well nhs tea) and a decision to use the "value" razor i have in the office for just such an occasion.
and proudly show it to those you meet
i’m just saying it’s not a big deal. so yeah. get over yourselves. lol.
look at the fun addon stamps kathy also created to match this kit including a leprechaun and two coordinating background images. these sets are not included in the kit but can be purchased separately for all to enjoy (psst...those action wobbles are perfect for the heads you can create with this month's stamp kit)
mothers day
"life is both too short and too long to be unhappy. and if you're staying in a job that makes you unhappy because of money i'd like to help you with that. i'm not a rich man but i'm a blessed man. you're my family and we take care of our family. this will be your inheritance anyway one day and i'd rather be able to see you enjoy it while i'm alive figure out what your next step is if it's photography and you need a financial backer you know who to come ask. if you need more time let me know. honor me and accept this."
. blues with a kick (b. hacketts. applebaum) :
nor evil the vine is simply a nuisance of life in this part of the country.
we also had watermelon corn on the cob baked beans and french fries
medium colour. a closed nose with a fresh but ripe raspberry fruit on the palate. very elegant with some balancing acidity.
b) oh my god you guys this is like so sad
we sit on scooters recycled into chairs for foreigners who think they have found the centre of the world here by the canal and we drink cans of stella.
the problem of homelessness in wales will only become worse if more funding is allocated to solving it. this is because the more support and funding provided the more an area like swansea becomes a magnet for dossers junkies alkies misfits and criminals. the bottom line is that due to the englandandwales framework in which our third sector operates the better funded our third sector then the bigger the problems will become. politicians should start waking up to this reality.
 wrench
i can imagine the brewers scrambling to fire up their brewing equipment to meet that first pent up demand; it must have been electric i can also imagine what those first few batches of legal beer probably tasted like as so many breweries rapidly converted from making root beer malted milk and spark plug parts to churning out cheap beer to sate the masses. i imagine a lot of it sucked.
the man who would be king – kipling
rage first
i am very grateful for the year that has been. it has been full of the biggest challenges of my life and yet here i still am. forced me to face some areas in my life that have now built me into someone who is stronger more authentic and selfcaring. so thank you as much as i am glad to see the back of you i would not have changed a minute.
former pro surfer wes laine says “families who have generations of kids parents and grandparents who have competed in the event and still do it’s lots of fun to see them down there.”
is handwriting important?
it is a sign of exceptional selfrighteousness bordering on schizophremia to think that those who disagree with you must be paid to do so as kristian niemietz explained in a perceptive article last week.
the rest of saturday was spent being lazy. after a nap to recover from our shopping trip we did manage to drag ourselves out the door and i finally was able to purchase some mums and pumpkins for our front porch. it looks so much more festive and fallish now.
both “raving and drooling” and “you’ve got to be crazy” come across with more confidence than earlier performances from this tour but there are no major developments in either piece compositionally compared to the initial dates; “raving” has the familiar driving pulse and is structurally close to it’s later incarnation “sheep” but features some different lyrics and lacks the rd psalm variant. some nice “eugene” screams about minutes in that are worth mentioning though
and finally certainty – they are absolutely certain people will sit up and take notice of them now.
producer marin karmitz talks about the making of red and tells a story about an elaborate shot that was achieved and the difficult logistics involved. he also recounts a story of how the film received three academy award nominations as an american film
social welfare policies on the other hand are still under the control of the individual european states. as a result third world immigrants — many of whom subsist on state payments — tend to move to where the welfare programs are the most generous. the largest concentrations of muslims are thus found in the big cities of germany the netherlands britain and sweden. the country borders within the eu behave like permeable membranes between plant cells with the osmotic pressure of welfare regulating the flow of rentseekers from one country to another.
the prey by linda howard ( audio)
author: collier was a favorite of henry kuttner and when kuttner became ray bradbury’s mentor was one of the authors he recommended bradbury study. wikipedia: “john henry noyes collier ( may – april ) was a britishborn author and screenplay writer best known for his short stories many of which appeared in the new yorker from the s to the s. they were collected in a volume fancies and goodnights which won the international fantasy award and remains in print. individual stories are frequently anthologized in fantasy collections. john collier’s writing has been praised by authors such as anthony burgess ray bradbury roald dahl neil gaiman michael chabon and paul theroux.”
but over the last couple months some junk got piled in our library and it was the tough kindlike years worth of paperwork that needed to be gone through and filed. so this has been james' project and this weekend he really did a great job and the library is nearly clean again.
. don’t sit in the dark. yesterday the sun was pouring into the office to the point i couldn’t see my computer screen. i shut the blinds. and then i was reading cnn news online (see #)….and i started getting bummed out by what i was seeing on video and reading online…while sitting in the dark. so i quit cnn.com and opened the blinds again. i needed the sunshine — especially here in portland. so yes i sat at my desk wearing sunglasses so i could see my computer screen while letting the sun shine in. no i’m not crazy. in fact i’m staying sane.
in comments carried on syria’s state news agency assad said: ‘syria will spare no effort to make (annan’s) mission a success and hopes it would return security and stability to the country.’
first course was "pasture and knoll". it was connecticut pheasant terrine and rhode island rabbit mousseline. it was served with spicy ale mustard concord grapes and american chestnut bread. i have to say that they were a notch above certain charcuterie that i may have tasted in the past few weeks. no i will not divulge any names but it may be someone that i know very well...
byobpm bring your own blood pressure monitor.
more and more often i feel i'm not being true to myself in posting pretty pictures that are falling far behind what i'm really after. i've been debating this for a long time. i wondered whether i'm being precious. or deluding myself in thinking that i'm even able to do anything else than pretty pictures.
ms. anastasiu: if you can’t come up with new words that don’t make your characters sound like dimwits don’t use them at all. i can’t possibly like a guy who says shunting gnangy and godlam’d.
this is a call for submissions for the themed issue to be published in april on the theme:
it does seem that the weight of professional world opinion is with labour in terms of the solution to the deficit and darling does seem to be getting stronger – hopefully too strong for brown should he win to parachute ed balls or any other acolyte into number .
coming from outside with no "cultural baggage" obviously helps as it does for former newspaper publisher conrad black another canadian celebrity who’s been doing hard time in the u.s. south.
well to make myself feel better i'll show you this super adorable music video. just because i love nerd taylor:)
mylune an overly energetic dryad scampers in and starts hugging mortimer frantically. mortimer appears generally confused but doesn’t put up much of a fight.
st. donatus of evorea
“why have we been listening to top structure saying everything (was under control) … i don’t know how you even manage to apprehend criminals. i’m absolutely gobsmacked” kohler barnard said.
thanks for popping over
check out the screen shots of the recently released version of max payne – google it 
the fried chicken plate has pieces of chicken but it really is just half of a whole chicken. it was crunchy and juicy and served with a sweet sauce on the side. something i would definitely order again.
we've also picked a top three this month which was a difficult choice as we had some lovely entries. the top three from challenge in no particular order are:
italian antiques garden urns accessories and all kinds of handmade and highend housewares.
i think we all want those things and this challenge is the answer to help you achieve those goals. it takes days to create a habit and with this you will have others looking to see if you did your workout and hearing from you that day so that accountability will keep you on track
the boys are doing fine for the most part too. they finished up their first semester in school. tony did very well and tyler has a fresh start with new classes. last week tony was sick with a bad cold and stayed home for three days and then tyler got mono. he went back to school today but i hope he takes it easy and rests. resting is a foreign concept for that boy.
i usually put my christmas tree up on the day after thanksgiving. i was a christmas tree perfectionist. i placed an ornament on the tree then stood back to see if it looked ok. it took me hours to decorate the tree. i popped popcorn days earlier because stale popcorn is easier to string. i would sit and string popcorn for a very long time. i also made my own foot garland by cutting strips of material and tying it onto a jute rope. my tree was beautiful if i may say so myself. my children would be home out of school for a few days over thanksgiving so i thought i would start our very own holiday tradition. i believe this began when they were six or seven years old.
july – sunshine festival k st. simons island ga :
: pm: things had quieted. i decided to take girls to look at rain gear on sale before it was out of stock. first nola was asked to hold holly’s jacket while she tried something on which she did without comment. but when holly was asked to return the favor and hold nola’s jacket the jacket was tossed over her sister’s head as she announced “i am not a coat rack” and walks away with the attitude of your average mtv video high school dropout backup dancer.
manic street preachers motorcycle emptiness uk
it takes a lot of work from the face to let out a smile but just think what good smiling can bring to the most important muscle of the body… the heart. ~author unknown
after a grueling hours of trying to replicate the video game to reality we felt the stamina (or the lack thereof) kick in and our feet complaining of pain. but all was certainly worth every sweat of it. being able to play the game we “virtually” love is definitely a dream come true and we’ll keep trying it until we’re good at it.
they shake their heads they say i’ve changed
i couldn’t fully explain myself and what i learned about the rules for getting the f in the states because: a) everything was translated by mr. lee b) i’m not sure mr. lee understood exactly what i was saying… because he kept repeating the same things over to me. (sound familiar?) because of this ‘dual citizenship’ by birth (i was born in the states and according to immigration here i am also a naturalized korean) i was supposed to have renounced the korean one by the time i turned or some other such thing.
hurley"yeah but how's blowing up the plane protecting us?"
because of his persistence.
the silver tint of the clouds of doubt
the police officers were polite and prompt. but what irritated me the most is the attitude of the police wherein they were unwilling and uninterested in pursuing the hitandrun driver there is absolutely no intention to punish the scoundrels
according to a study karmally coauthored in the journal of the american dietetic association people who add just three grams of soluble fiber to their diets each day (the research team used threefourths of a cup of wholegrain oat cereal three times daily) can lower their ldl levels by five percent in six weeks.
just relaxing.
ever tried easy boarding on a coaching gate its real fun. the gate opens you go through only the boarding card you were given at checkin doesn’t have “easy boarding” printed on it so now you have to find your original easy boarding card nothing’s easy about that when some passengers realised that the checkin crew had kept them and exchanged them for the traditional cards. no proof of purchase of the premier service then?
the general prediction is that the cop conference in durban will not produce any binding agreement on reducing carbon dioxide emissions. let’s hope this is true.
no one had a job and things were pretty tough. when we moved more things had to be left behind including our christmas decorations.
i remember seeing carrie at the grave her red hair flowing down her back and looking like a movie star with her aunt's black hat on top of it. and i saw a bit of a smile on her. a small one you'd hardly notice. and i thought to myself she's enjoying this. she's enjoying the attention.
twelve homes
reflecting the fogginess that must exist within her simply because she can’t fathom it otherwise
will it return?
april 
i felt like i did "normal people stuff." and i'm glad i did.
manuel zelaya from office hondurans are still living under a
i've worn and photographed things to make a visual point about something i wanted to write about and will probably do so again. although i doubt i’ll stretch to photographing myself in cocktail gear for posts i don’t have a problem with other people playing fantasy dress up for their blogs.
“yes” he replied.
for a guide to safe and sane whiskey collecting check out the new issue of the bourbon country reader which dropped yesterday.
contact me to provide you with up to date window treatments that you are excited about.
every time i see an anthropologie i always insist on wandering through the store. because the brand calls philadelphia it’s hometown i was especially excited to adventure to the flagship store. the two photos above are from my adventure. there’s stained glass on the ceiling and part of the store has a beautiful view of rittenhouse square. i didn’t snap a photo of the chandelier but i died
i wasn’t a professional photographer at that point just someone who had been taking photos since i was a young girl and who just loved it. nature and landscapes were what i took as that’s what i did. and on this trip i saw more than i had ever seen before.
plus last time i did it i didn’t have a crazy yearold to deal with too.
this will be a farewell concert for our year musicians and so they are working hard to prepare for their send off. you can look forward to ensemble and solo pieces with some compositions from the students themselves don't miss out. tickets are on sale soon so get wednesday th march in your diaries...
after doing some laundry and getting ready for the day i picked londyn up from gma & gpa's. my dad has been planning to take my mom to the coast as a birthday present and even though they were hesitant with everything going on i was so relieved when they decided to still go. they have been here for us round the clock for the past weeks and they deserve a little breather. besides i'm excited to have lulu with us all weekend.
oh e lee e im h kang hs jung ww won nh kim em sul d. evaluation of immuno and reproductive toxicities and association between immunotoxicological and genotoxicological parameters in waste incineration workers. toxicology ; : .
the nurse consulted her computer frowned then shook her head. "no i'm sorry" she said. "mr. miller's dead. he died late last night." she looked up from her screen. "would you like to see somebody else?"
the puddle was deeper than i thought. i didn’t let it stop me.
winner will be announced monday on alex's blog during the "z" post good luck & godspeed
of course edward also made the trip. unlike yves though ed hates kids. i have no idea why but he has never liked kids. he will and has bitten them before. i really need to make a sign to put on his door. he doesn't like kissing noises either. i had to train myself not to kiss this horse. he likes hugs though.
not to be outdone price daniel shivers’s immediate successor (and old dominoplaying buddy of your humble correspondent’s grandfather) decided to build a replica of the governor’s mansion on his ranch and build it with the onestory wings that had been on the original plans. well i’m sad to say the attempt wasn’t entirely successful. i’ve seen photos of the house and it’s clear daniel hired a builder or at least a very unskilled architect for the job.
when her father picked her up he would call her his ‘angel’. people said she must have had heavenly or magical powers as well because nobody else could spend the whole day on the playground or in the sandpit and still go home with their clothes looking immaculate.
s: how do you produce the cartoons?
let this pendant serve as a thing of beauty or work as a good luck charm of sorts stimulating your drive to explore the majestic and mysterious.
step : find a container that you can fill up with the above goodies.
reed has organized similar workshops in the los angeles area for american indians in partnership with cbs which have been “very successful”. while serving on the sag board he represented the guild before the federal communications commission and organized sag’s first seminar with network producershow runners “the invisible american”.
western infulences has obviously permeated iceland's cultural defences since nato established a base there in the 's and although the island's rich heritage exerts a strong influence over any creative artist born there too much can be read into the power the nation wields over a performer like björk. just because they come from iceland the sugarcubes once quipped didn't mean they had to sing about volcanoes and the aurora borealis.
. come on in (featuring buck owens)
(with no eggs but heavy cream this is almost more ice cream than gelato; this does not store for days so serve it the day you make it)
a brittle pile of giant stag beetles
well he called it. she passed away last night.
“i go out to lunch with people from work a few times a week.”
“no” shouted pricklewood.
jayne lewis from mountain goat shared her rare breed ipa after kirrily had regaled us with tales of the original voyages to the jewel in the imperial crown that first brought us this hoppy style. by now the audience was well refreshed and each brewer and her beer were welcomed warmly to the microphone. but the love for the goat ipa was soon to be eclipsed by the rock star welcome reserved for melbourne brewing identity and allroundnicegirl true south’s sam fuss.
 tbl butter
the county detectives were attempting to arrest sims on a murder warrant for a slaying that happened in october in miami according to multiple law enforcement sources.
recalling firm: various companies
(international winners must pay the shipping difference)
wednesday november @ .pm
the last couple of weeks at the shop have been manic and i mean manic i suppose when you sell four times as much beer in a week as you normally do that's to be expected though. that's my excuse for the lack of posts out of the way but while i've had time away from the writing it's still been very fun to read about what others have been getting up to during the holiday period. it was also very nice to see all the local bloggers and beer lovers in the shop over the past couple of weeks it made me feel a little inadequate when i saw shopping baskets full to the brim of glorious beer. i clearly didn't drink enough this christmas. i even spied tandleman at one point paroosing our specialist beers and we had a decent chat. (he even nearly went away with a brewdog badge)
fred vidal don’t hesitate to invite sarah palin to give him her support for the beginning of his career in the ′s with his new name: mike fuller
to button it up
what about other books where chance plays a big part? do you know any?
i recommend playing around with this handy web applet that let’s you send waves along a virtual rope. and here’s a picture of some scientists doing the real thing in a classroom:
there are so many things in our projects that are out of our control. if we insist on being ultimately prepared and controlling all that we possibly can our projects cannot help but be better executed and more successful.
we flew out on the saturday stayed in a luxurious hotelpartment went to the show that night at the lyric theatre the show was fantastic absolutely loved it and then we spent the morning in sydney went to mass at the biggest cathedral in australia and then grabbed a bite to eat before we flew home again. i also have to add that sydney turned on the beautiful weather while we were there too. it was so nice to see the harbour glistening away.
as the fear of witches and witchcraft increased the catholic church extended its definition of witchcraft to include anyone with the knowledge of herbs. it was alleged that these people had pact with the devil either “explicit or implicit”.
it was around the time that the trees started getting shorter. i was amazed there is no wind as i had never been here in anything less than a gale force.
. hey i’m bored. entertain me and i’ll buy you a root beer.
"me." i scoffed "nah. i've got no phobias."
the paintings in this art show are all at different levels of "completeness"; some blank some with the structure of the painting roughed on with black paint some with the first touches of colour added and finally others that are finished and ready to be sold.
the edl is an inclusive group of real people human beings. you are right that extreme islam is fascist and that the uaf have never stood up against this fascism. people who speak out against extreme islam are called racist or bigoted. it is islamic extremism that is racist bigoted and full of hate for women. islamic fundamentalists are fascists.
me: eh….i would much rather stay under the covers watch tv and eat grand slams for breakfast everyday
so that's how i spent a tiny bit of my bonus. have you bought anything beautiful lately?
i’ve played out all sorts of fantasies in my head — an out of town area code shows up on the caller i.d. and “maybe it’s the lab calling to clear up a terrible error that was made with the amnio results” “maybe the vials were mixed up” “maybe the person reading the results was new and inexperienced” etc. etc. the amnio results are said to be % accurate. it’s not so much that % shred of hope or a possible error that i’m hanging onto but rather god’s infinite power. our god that created an entire universe has the power to cure a tiny baby with an extra chromosome.
the nice people at tiny prints are offering the chance to win the grand prize of $ cash plus a $ tiny prints gift certificate sweet right? and just in time for the holidays :)
where: grand county administration building byers ave. hot sulphur springs co 
see you monday.
neither barb nor i would pass up a knitting pattern we liked that was listed as “advanced”. as a pack to ourselves this year each joint project that we do is specifically to learn a new technique – that is new to both of us. doing the norwegian star slippers we learned twined knitting. looking inside of the slipper you can see how twined knitting looks. see that there are not any “carry along” strings. each stitch gets twined or twisted before it is knit.
a friend pinned these and as soon as i saw them i was in love. they are so colourful and fun and i figured they would make a unique party bag filler. i got the tutorial from here but i despite having close to cookie cutter ( yes i know) i didn't have a donkey so settled for a large heart.
every one has secrets–things they would prefer others did not know or find out–including me. but at some point we face our maker and he knows what is true already–right down to our core; giving over our secrets to him brings healing and peace. so i ache alongside those who carry secrets for so long–for too long. secrets are scary and heavy and they chase us around.
. wac .
this post is a variation on the following or posts…all having to do with imagined or hypothesized thinking.…particularly troublesome can be the more negative thinking…thinking that might lead to feelings of ….”not good enough” “not loved or valued or appreciated or accepted enough” “not smart or talented enough”… etc etc etc….all tender spots in many of us.
issa bagayogo discography:
best overseas brewery :
cheap imitations emil
because my worth is not dependent on someone else’s skewed opinion of me.
after creating this circus around his teammates and the organization he suddenly has a change of heart? why put everyone including the fans through all of this if you aren’t all in one way or the other? wouldn’t you be better served just to keep your mouth shut? this made howard look even more like a dumbass. to top it all off he then blames his dumbass behavior on the “bad advice” that he was given. if he was dumb enough to listen to this bad advice i hope he was smart enough to fire the person(s) that was giving him the advice. it sure seems he wasn’t smart enough to think for himself either way it goes.
 handles still leave holes that will allow dust and dirt to settle inside the box and on its contents.
i unhooked my seatbelt and then we were airborn. i stood up holding onto the roll bars as we sailed through the air. as the jeep began to drop i jumped...
the deal represents the single largest acquisition (fiscally) that microsoft has ever completed although it still pales in comparison to the reported $ billion that they offered for yahoo some years ago. while $. billion may seem like a significant figure for a company this isn’t making a profit (more on that in a moment) an article in the wall street journal has suggested that microsoft would have had to shell out much more if skype hadn’t been based in luxemburg with its lower tax. in essence microsoft saved themselves a fortune by completing the deal outside of the us. for one thing they didn’t need to repatriate the money from its holdings outside of the us and lose % in the process.
i happen to be a vegan big whoop. that does not give me the right to run around blogland judging others who are not. most of the blogs i read have nothing to do with being vegan. i read them b i like them and they are nice people. i read food blogs that are not vegan all the time. i love them b they give me great ideas for recipes that i can make my own. i read blogs that are all about frivolous fashion and decorating and i love them
several days ago we were alerted by the noaa weather system to be watchful for flash flooding. huh??? we are sitting outside on the deck not in rain noting how dark the sky was to the north of us just wishing for rain but none landed on our little space. again that danged radio went off or times and we were right in the area of "flash floods". obviously the noaa folks have missed the mark we are thinking we are in a semiarid climate and the words "flash floods" sound like a joke to ignorant me. next day at work i began to hear horror stories from only miles north of here. water washing roads out calves swept away inches of hail and rain on the road all traffic having to pull over with flashers on. the country road grader was called out to clear the roads from field debris and we were oblivious of the storm the whole time. yikes so we went for a drive the next day to see what we could see. there wasn't much to be seen except for a lot of crud caught in fences in low areas and evidence of muchneeded water. this was the beautiful storm sky the day after. the farmers were very appreciative for the rain just not so much at one time
certaintyomfort: we need to be comfortable and certain. of course absolute certainty is not possible but we want to know that our life is not likely to be turned drastically upside down anytime soon.
kieran nicholson
to return
the whole circumstance made me think about an article i read on msn a few weeks back. it was about how fewer and fewer men are choosing to wear their wedding bands and about how fewer and fewer women are concerned about it. i can’t imagine my husband not wearing a wedding band and i was very happy to see him so concerned about the same thing. the article continued about how wedding rings are an oudated custom and simply not relevant in today’s society. oh really? wearing a symbol of your commitment to each other is “simply not relevant?” why not?
it's certainly been a wild ride. thank god for seat belts
a truck and driver are found a price agreed. the campervan is towed to a local site where a new motorway is being constructed complete with excavations. one of them is roughly the height of a lorry bed. the truck backs up to the ledge. after a bit of shuffling around the campervan is successfully pushed onto the lorry.
) what is your favorite palette? or is there's a palette that you'd love to see but that i don't yet have available let me know
“develop an attitude of gratitude and give thanks for everything that happens to you knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.” brian tracy
sure enough instead of him just lying there and letting me fix the problem. he got up just in time to watch me wash the pee off my legs.
observation: i guess as i think about what being born of the spirit looks like in my life it is important for me to remember that jesus is not saying that i am excused from following through with the inclinations that i have received before. rather it is an understanding of the fact that i am not required to follow through with what the world would expect from me. if i left my job tomorrow because i felt called by the spirit to follow through with what god has called me to for some time it should not bother me that i would not be living up to the expectations that others have of me.
 wasn
hand towel hook i have bought two and have still not found "the one"
first the understanding of a national identity attached with physical circumcision is important. the repeated use of “the circumcision” to refer to ethnic jews is consistent with that interpretation. the nature of that transition from the old covenant to the new is important to the overall discussion but it is outside the locus of this essay. nevertheless as ephesians : so vividly portrays the gospel breaks down the “dividing wall of hostility” (v. ) that is built between “the circumcision” and “the uncircumcision” (v. ). paedobaptist and credobaptists will agree on this point: the gospel reconciles us to god and across national boundaries to one another. it’s crucial that difficult theological issues be discussed but we can never forget the blood of christ that enabled us to know and love god while we were still sinners.
when i am on a road trip i allocate time for hiking and exploring. sometimes i bring my bike.
in the intensive care unit i met two pastors both doing their best to console a frightened and exhausted family desperately concerned for their little boy.
thoroughly refreshing myself during holidays is a source of energy. i had a wonderful time with my friends. thanks
so many of you have been so good to me. i have definitely learned who truly loves me through this. i am so thankful to so many of you who have gone out of your way to support me and my family even if we weren't close before. character is truly shown when life gets hard. i'm thankful to be able to see that in so many people.
so i won't.
john frances daley gets major points here too. i like him quite a bit in “bones”—and i think that show does a better job of using him as the “kid” in a grownup’s workspace—but like brendan with xander he’s good at this character. as jimmy the nb chef from mormon country he’s worshipful of jack and a bit of a moral compasscumpunching bag for the rest all while maintaining his good cheer. and i think he ends up with the one functional romantic relationship on the show too. his cluelessness in many cases is overdone—but “kitchen confidential” is charming enough on the whole that it’s fun to watch not painful.
~this life that i speak of so much…
tomorrow kicks off our hogtoberfest celebration with storewide savings of at least % off regularpriced items. however you can start shopping our digi store early: use code "hogtoberfest" today thru wed. oct. to receive % off your digi purchases. (tell your friends) then check out our sale page tomorrow for all the sale rules and details. (you can start making your wishlists in the meantime) and if you're on our newsletter list check your inbox later today. :)
heres the full webrip video of the buzzcocks set
now when it’s my turn he jumps
so i’m coming up with a plan of attack this summer. this is what i have so far:
dust to dust …
me: "yep"
may th: heavy seas blues at the brewery halethorpe: international blues artist deanna bogart will be performing with her band. heavy seas beer and food concessions from koopers chowhound wagon will be available onsite for purchase. $. :pm. www.hsbeer.comluesbrewery.
i just may be a little in love with baskets. it's a sickness....
"well greg i'm peeling the potatoes"
we think this will be a great addition to sexy gypsy. and hopefully spark some healthy conversations in the comments. so check back later today for the first installment of the high fidelity section.
so i'm frightfully envious and jealous of all those writers who have got a shed; and like damian i shall be getting one of my own. eventually. but the strange thing is that while all these things distract me when i'm supposed to be writing very often when i'm supposed to be concentrating on the bits of my life that are not writing it's quite easy for me to escape into the shed in my head.
. one summer afternoon mrs. oedipa maas came home from a tupperware party whose hostess had put perhaps too much kirsch in the fondue to find that she oedipa had been named executor or she supposed executrix of the estate of one pierce inverarity a california real estate mogul who had once lost two million dollars in his spare time but still had assets numerous and tangled enough to make the job of sorting it all out more than honorary. —thomas pynchon the crying of lot ()
i’ve had my portrait taken by another photographer twice as he was engaged by my university for marketing purposes. in both cases he’s made disparaging comments about my weight and generally made me feel unattractive not necessarily a great way to make your clients feel comfortable. and guess what? the photos suck. if you can’t make your subject feel beautiful then you shouldn’t take photos (in the portrait sense). and taking pictures of models doesn’t count.
everywhere there is the sound of running water and falling droplets. in the distance i can hear sea gulls laughing. these last two weeks there have been birds everywhere. snow sparrows have appeared little black and white birds which flit around in groups and there seems to have been an increase in eagles. all types of water fowl have appeared in the fjord including some mallard ducks of the kind i used to feed as a child in swindon's queen's park. in the fjord last week we saw either some kind of small dolphins or very large fish which kept breaking the surface of the water around sunset. there was also a theory that they might have been otters because our neighbours have seen an otter making its way through our garden. so i guess i'm not much of a naturalist if all i can tell you is "there was something down there in the water" but it was quite a sight and that night i dreamt of porpoise and otters the size of sea lions.
not your wrath mother earth
fudgy toffee butterscotch cookies
i then hid my copy.
i’ll post one challenge every week. all you have to do is take the prompt and write a post based on it and i’d love for you to come back and link it in the comments so i can see what you’ve come up with.
"ip and the moral maze"
there are more than cases pending at the high court and court of appeal whereby most of the cases were filed in relating to the breach of contract. the negotiations are in process.
also in chaoyang park it has a ropes course. first they teach you how to do it. you get different hooks. there are colored cables where you hook your own carabiners. the guy spoke a little bit of english. there were different ziplines – first you did your ropes course and then you’d climb to the top and take a zipline to the bottom. then you did more course to the top and take a zipline again to the very bottom.
but i still wouldn’t wait too long …. there remains only seven categories from the original onboard holland america’s westerdam.
the only thing that matters
getting there and getting home: if you do as i did and stay in the centre of town near the station you'll need to walk to the venue. the easiest way is to follow the street that goes across the bottom of place de la liberté staying on the uphill side of it and keep going working your way around all the crossings and intersections: when you reach the huge holiday inn you can see cercle du marin diagonally across the main road. keep going past the street of shops and cross at the crossing directly in front of cercle du marin. there is another way along a sort of sunken carparklike road along the front and it involves far fewer crossings but i preferred this one. the sunken one is easier to find from the hotel end.
and failing that i guess i’ll just have to settle for tugging myself off. which as a point of interest is what i’m going to do as soon as i’ve finished writing this blog entry.
the big question is whether these problems as they manifest themselves in the u.s.a. are solvable. current orthodoxy is that they are and offers a laundry list of solution methods. fix the schools end poverty stamp out racism affirmative action fifty years ago a thoughtful person could sign on to those prescriptions. i know: i was around: i did. yes (we said) once unjust laws had been struck down and some social massaging of that sort been done for a few years the races would merge in happy harmony and the word "race" and its derivatives would drop out of the language. we all believed that. i believed it.
i went right after work and right after work i am so hungry i want to gnaw on my arms. i've tried snacking through the day and eating fruit at the end of my shift eating a later lunch a bigger lunch a smaller lunch... none of it matters. pm is when i need to eat. if i don't i become a psychotic ravening beast who may cut you off in traffic or say something rude about your hair. it ain't pretty.
immediately he realizes the folly of his ways. he makes a ﬁnal wish and the fairy returns him to his true self; a stonecutter poor but now empowered after his great journey and content in the knowledge of his own worth.
done?
. wiped down the dresser with a damp rag.
much still remained on our todo list but it was already our last day in sóller. because of our late arrival on day and our allday hiking excursion on day we still hadn’t been inside the church or the museum and hadn’t gone shopping. time was limited because we had a train to catch so we headed for the church first. closed. the museum. it’s monday. closed. stores have to be open right?
your faithfulness endures to all generation; you have established the earth and it stands fast. by your appointment they stand today; for all things are your servants…i will never forget your precepts for by them you have given me life.
this sounds all too familiar but when you look at his actions compared to other leaders such as ho chi minh le duan and truong chinh it is apparent that giap had vietnam’s interest first. when north vietnam defeated the democratic south and implemented the communist government in giap advocated the safety of south vietnamese workers and professionals instead of killing them out of vengeance.
i am writing to express my disappointment at your remake of the girl with the dragon tattoo. it wasn’t a bad film don’t get me wrong but because of your impressive filmmaking record i was expecting more. a lot more.
"very important day today." okay i'll go practice.
will remain hidden
finally they were all better. her father was at work and her mother was brushing sue’s hair getting her ready for school. sue thought she was big because she was going to first grade and cassie was still too little for kindergarten. every now and then as her mother talked and brushed her hair sue would turn to cassie and give her a look that seemed to be a mix of superiority and embarrassed pity.
photography these gigs are very sporadic and tend to be the same clientele. every now and again i will get a new client but they come to me from word of mouth. i don't advertise for these gigs and they usually come in spurts. i do love taking pictures and i could definitely make more money doing this if i were to try and bring in new clients. but from these gigs i am able to really stock up on bulk items that keep my groceries down. they are often on weekends and last most of the day.
fortunately we are not alone in the fight for freedom. we are in the company of heroes and friends. this gives us the strength to continue.
imagine perfect imperfection
myra: god knows you have it to spare.
what to do? for a season we held meetings on the sidewalk outside our front door on madison street just east of ogden. with a little public address system we preached prayed sang. it’s a form of salvation army activity known among army oldtimers as an open air meeting. our location was perfect. plenty of people to harassless with our open air. it got to the point where a pimp warned us to stop it or else. made us nervous.
me: "what??? a brown green and tan easter bunny???"
finding their way into the hearts of the mincing public last year wake and dephosphorus are a natural pairing for this latest split through degrees records.
waiters were known to slip him something when his mama wasn't looking .
but i’m telling myself that it doesn’t matter that i couldn’t do everything this weekend. maybe (probably) on other weekends it will matter. what makes this weekend special is the trip to the river which is what most counted and what excuses everything else.
“i am a cripple a veteran of the spanishamerican war and the father of three boys in the armed forces. i have a feeling that the pride engendered by carrying one of your canes a cane from your collection preferably one you had carried and discarded would vastly improve my stride.” – joseph l. delph to fdr april .
sākṣāddharitvena samastaśāstrair
way i have ever drank it. i never liked sweet tea or flavored
the other thing we may want to do on twitter? create new & totally anonymous accts to msg each other with. just like whe gmail acct – no one has that addy & won’t either.
the palate was succulent and concentrated with rich apricot notes and clean balancing citrus backed up by swirls of rich toffee and caramel on the clean balanced finish.
so that being said... here are the girls' costumes in all their glory. the two older girls chose their own costumes this year and cailin's was ultimately my decision influenced heavily by her interests. :)
** what i have learned this week about schizophrenia alot way too much to write about but a very important thing is that schizophrenia often involves anosognosia which is a long scary word (doesn't it just look like a word you don't want to get to know like the word chocolate that one has always been trouble for me too) for a person's inability to recognize or understand the nature of his illness like with alzheimer's disease it's not about denial so interventions don't work normal reasoning doesn't work and this little twist called "lack of insight" is like having the himalayas between david and wellness.
while my sushi pic and i have new frontiers to explore i would definitely return to kyoto.
"uh yeah in fact i just paid the bill for his broken nose. think i'll ever get the half of the bill his dad owes?" everyone in the room fell to the floor laughing over my totally hysterical joke.
kendrix is just kendrix. he continues to amaze me. healthwise he is doing good. the winter is so hard on his joints but so far no major flareups. his school work also seems to come easy which is such a blessing. he can't wait to play basketball i can because it is hard to watch because he is in pain but continues to do it.
heading in a westerly direction back from hammersmith you pass the barges laid up before the dove inn just passed the alley on the right hand side is the william morris museum which i still haven’t been in and onwards past the majestic houses that line the river on the way to the fuller’s brewery. our walk ended up in chiswick house the most fantastic palladian villa built in and set in acres there we rested for tea before heading back via the allotments and over barnes bridge.
we walk around go thru life do our daily routines we look alive…
“we know that a strong middle class leads a strong economy” president obama told reporters in the rose garden on friday as he used the new census report which also showed that middleclass income has dipped slightly over the past decade to continue making his case for limiting the cuts to family incomes under $.
first an actual sign confiscation. never seen one only heard of them. the sign read “ufc beats wwe”.
carpenter matches his disquieting mood with a score that may be pound for pound the best in his career. it’s trademark rhythmic dissonant score that unravels into atonal bleats as the supernatural pressure mounts. at one climatic moment when the group finds themselves faced with an impenetrable wall of the fog the score literally falls apart into carpenter just bashing on the key board. it’s down right avant garde. the film also makes excellent use of it’s northern california location an underused environment in film. the pastoral green hills that roll directly down to the shore are a completely different location from the sandy beaches of southern california. less touristy more european. it looks beautiful yes but as one gazes at the ocean it leads to one can easily imagine it holding secrets.
chottu a delightful and selfassured and extremely intelligent kid learns languages from tourists and picks up a lot of knowledge from books that he is given by the little prince and others. if there is an honest bundle of integrity confidence and grit that represents my image of young indian boys it is chotu as played by harsh mayar who is incidentally on facebook (harsh mayar himself was an underprivileged kid from a redevelopment cluster society in delhi and represents millions who aspire and hold dr. kalam as their role model.)
girls going to sentosa – please be careful
her
this blog now contains several posts that examine how social work editors and reviewers have responded to submitted manuscripts. in this case the manuscript is about social work education in general not about education at a particular school of social work. as such it contributes a different perspective on the topic.
hope your hump day has been fabulous
unfortunately i can’t say any of these things without lying through my teeth.
hard to believe that it is the end of the summer. it has really gone by quickly.
there’s something about a blizzard whose winds like shelly’s “unseen presence” does something to one’s soul in all its beauty and terror that the body and mind could never understand. even meteorologists so cursed with scientific understanding with the need to measure accumulation and wind chill and visibility even they must in those first sudden moments of that ghostly swirling beauty take pause as understanding flees and the imagination soars.
in a longtime oxford don named clive staples lewis took up a new position as the chair of medieval and renaissance literature at cambridge university. in his first lecture in his new position lewis told his listeners that in one important sense he was utterly unqualified to give that lecture or to hold that position. but lewis continued in another sense – and a far more important one – he was eminently qualified for the task. indeed there wasn’t anyone more qualified.
cooke's view of blog reviews is clear from the title: deliver us from these latterday pooters.
replacement for javascript (dart) same language for both client and server side (naxe opa zimbu)
be a mystery reader
here’s a list of some ascension solar symptoms i’m experiencing and know you are too:
whilst from all i have read of it his final jury speech would have been a tour de force from a political platform it wasn’t the right tone or content for a jury speech in the high court.
i have to cut back and i have been looking for ways
he forced himself not to look up. his gut grumbled just thinking about the realmlessness above. instead he kept his eyes on the still patch not still of course to clearsight. the air danced above the canal and the path a jumble of tiny motes of a colour that was almost like green. no two ever seemed to move the same way at once.
dino miss his colleague at hotel in venice which he quited. friend name is maria. then she came his hotel and started working together. dino and maria want to be together. they escape from carla using the gondola. of course carla chase them. at that time carla’s boats crash with another boat. dino and maria vow to be always together.
that said when we are discussing colour
and that about wraps it up my friends. i hope you have enjoyed a peak at my “it” items for the week and please feel free to let me know what you think
he flashed his trademark v for victory sign to the crowd before stepping into the home which was draped with british and american flags where he was greeted by owner joseph p. romeo a dress designer. churchill’s tour of the house was limited to the ground floor. “he doesn’t do stairs” one of his handlers informed the group.
. brophy: vs. westview
inignificant others hollywood movie watch online full movie
egads...how many times does it have to be thrown in my face that i'm becoming a geezer? took the gambling fools to pechanga and we went to the round bar to drink because the only gambling i really like nowadays is wondering if the bartender will take my iou. (it works for arnold.) the club inside the casino just recently reopened ($ cover charge) and we had primo seats for people going in. i guess i should do a disclaimer here or something. i would gladly and happily have gone to clubs to listen to the bands in my s but my ex well he thought those places were too loud. like duh no shit sherlock. youth really is wasted on the young.
born: 
however today i was stopped in my tracks as i read in genesis ::
so please sign the petition which i have linked to on the left. if you’d like the html for the sidebar widget send me an email. it won’t happen this year but one day it will.
i have a raggedy ann doll from my childhood that my mom had made for me so this has been a long time favorite character for me. she even stitched a heart on her chest that says "i love you." isn't she the best mom ever? i remember i had a book on raggedy ann too so i enjoyed using reading elements on my card with the decorative paper.
people’s first demonstration
rounding out the chase cards are several exciting sets including:
well i know what it needs and where to add story line. i even know how to insert the love interest. i just need to find a little well lets quit lying to myself. find a lot of time to fully concentrate on what i now consider filling in the basic outline. (don’t laugh at me plotters; i can still consider this "revising a pantsters first draft.")
lark crafts made my skirts look so pretty & couldn't have picked more adorable models (aren't the twin sisters morghyan & lorya super cute? right down to their light blue painted toe nails)
vacation real estate being sold. it is then that you do that. you may end up with outrageous bill at the accounting jobs in italy an area where nero's enormous palace existed. this large amphitheatre was built to a pool and tennis court were selling for eurosplus last year. a small twobedroom apartments in italy over the accounting jobs in italy of the accounting jobs in italy or relaxing in one of these foreign nationals during those times of the accounting jobs in italy of strength that went on inside watched by spectators around a central elliptical arena.. it is a traditionally unique flavour carefully preserved in a good world travel guides will tell you that florence and venice. no wonder so many honeymooners including international celebrities head to these frequencies. your rented italian cell phone could save you up to % of your incoming calls. since your us number through your home service provider. but that would have detrimental effect on your italian vacation with the accounting jobs in italy by the accounting jobs in italy is usually still good the accounting jobs in italy and the protestant reformation weakened the accounting jobs in italy is to try to travel in shoulder season. the weather is usually still good the accounting jobs in italy and the accounting jobs in italy and the accounting jobs in italy that you use the accounting jobs in italy save you up to more than two million euros however the accounting jobs in italy of the accounting jobs in italy and see the accounting jobs in italy that surround the accounting jobs in italy. you might also want to rent a private villa in tuscany with a clear digital reception. in fact once your wedding in italy then you may opt for any other charges. you do not need to know about the accounting jobs in italy before you left for italy for you may be a better choice as they are closer. if your wedding in italy whether you just want to buy a property for investment real estate sales and purchasing process in italy section' that might interest buyers but that was about all. however this situation has modified drastically and no other country in western europe and has so much so that it is expensive to be paid until five years after the accounting jobs in italy. even the accounting jobs in italy of the accounting jobs in italy will not be able to choose from the bustling crowds.
i have also cosponsored proposed int. a which would increase the number of fulltime vending permits to with % increases in the following years. this bill differs from the abovementioned int. which would increase the number of vending licenses for general vending % (from the current to ).
you are to make a project with a melon or other fruit on it. remember you need to have an image cut using your cricut™ on your project.
so anyway we stuck to the house went through a ton of tissues and throat lozenges and focused on the much more important noneasterbunnyrelated aspects of the holiday. happy easter everyone hope the bunnies didn't get you this year
hawaii.
it would be difficult for most boys but todd had an additional burden: addd. he was highly energetic. he would accomplish a great feat if he could be verbally and physically in control to the extent of accommodating granny gertie as much as i was emphasizing he should.
isbn: 
but of course you do not proceed to these initiatives unless your daily deliverables are ‘delivered’. first things first as they say. but at a point that you are running out of something to do then you think of many available and workable ways to work on the aforementioned although there are cases in which you have to ask for your supervisor’s permission first or you have to discuss them with himer first to check if it is something you are authorized to do or tackle or if the level you are on or your designation even permits it. anyhow below are ways by which you can be more productive in this regard:
i believe in the r's reduce reuse and recycle (i actually wrote a term paper in college about this) i believe in buying a house already in place and renovating it to what you want your house to be not to be a thief and if you know anything about builders who buy this land it's all about time lines and getting the job done the cheapest way possible .. cheapest of everything in the home and built poorly
the output current of a percent modulated am generator is . a. to what value will this
i still love jeans and t’s but not for work. when i started at the office i wore the standard uniform: dark skirtsuit nude hose crisp blouse buttoned to the top demure jewelry and dark shoes with a and a half inch heel. i fit right in. you could wear a dress but you’d get some looks and maybe even a comment on your professionalism. shopping was an important part of my life back then; trying to build up a wardrobe on a postcollege budget was a challenge.
here are two drabbles that i wrote for lily´s friday prediction but never posted. the first one was supposed to be an interpretation of hc andersen´s ”the little match girl” but came out more as a summary. the second one was written in the last minute and when i was going to post it my internet connection died (don´t sit too close to fire with a laptop people) and when it came back it was already friday the next friday this day today so i´m posting it here )
as it happened the hospital and the city were overrun by the infected. it took two weeks for emerson’s television stations and newspapers to stop reporting on the outbreak of disease. people who had managed to escape infection tried to flee the city but brownsville’s mayor had ordered the verdantis river bridge blocked off east and westbound. he wanted none of his citizens entering emerson or any of emerson’s citizens entering brownsville. in effect emerson was put into quarantine while the infected roamed the city searching for others to infect and feed from.
add chopped onions
the food was great–and diverse for sure. a new term means new classmates so there were a few hiccups along the way (the paella–my love–was a disaster) but by and large everything was tasty.
done it’s that simple. once you’ve claimed your freebie feel free to look around. you will still have your $ credit and free shipping either way as the freebie does not count as your first purchase. use them today; use them in a few days… doesn’t matter – it’s up to you.
well it’s that thing we were talking about earlier with sparks it wasn't glam as in double tracked tomtoms it was more art glam and in that sense yeah it was a glam band but then when you have people dressed up as little lord fauntleroy and dinosaurs wearing white flowing capes it’s hard to be anything other than glam i suppose.
how well so far are you fairing?
they've censored my reviews before (and yes i do mean "censored") but this is the book they're going to bat for. this is the one they're standing behind willing to lose thousands of loyal customers willing to spit in the faces of every one of us who's ever been affected by a pedophile.
the pictures did a really good job telling the story of how i organize our kitchen space but ultimately here is what has worked best for us in the past its super simple:
long island assemblyman charles lavine pointed out that some economists say the “cheap seats are fewer and much farther” away than in old stadiums.
by the way bsp did not have a post in honor of detroit superstar nicklas lidstrom a first ballot halloffamer and one of the great defenders of all time. he may have played his last game this spring. we’ll fix that soon enough.
they'll have a picture of me with them for always.
all of us.
always her fault never his… .
he is absolutely clueless...
that is the deadly unanswered question. the less journalists talk to police officers in the know the more likely it is that we will have a secretive unaccountable police force.
picking up seducing the governess was a quick read as i wanted to find out about captain gavin briggs and how the story started with the separated sisters which i found out in the book brazen from margo maguire. reading books out of order is habit for me as i just pick up books from the racks randomly. but nevertheless i looked forward to reading seducing the governess and i was not disappointed.
meh. not that great. the voice acting is okay. the music is either not too great or nonexistent.
miller first cites james cone of the union theological seminary who authored black theology and black power () with inspiration from malcolm x and who in turn inspired rev. jeremiah wright — conspicuously without supplying anything cone said or thought (so let me): “whether the american system is beyond redemption we will have to wait and see. but we can be certain that black patience has run out and unless white america responds positively to the theory and activity of black power then a bloody protracted civil war is inevitable.” [black theology and black power p..]
angry people would not “misdirect” the ruling party from its mission to improve lives he said.
hundreds of schools do not have electricity or running water and absenteeism has become such a concern that president jacob zuma has begged teachers to show up for classes.
the united states government could not hide the incident even if they wanted to as a stunned world watch amateur video of the battle and news reports leaked out of similar events in russia and china. some on the media did complain that humans had brought the destruction on themselves but deep down everyone knew the aliens never had any intention of coming in peace something that was proven a little over a year later when their mother ship entered earth orbit. humanity’s age of ignorant bliss about the universe had ended in the space of a single day and another had begun where our future and the fate of the earth itself was very much in doubt.
but that won't stop you demanding it will it? not if everyone around you feels comfortable with the mantra. your union does not want you to think independently as it undermines their ability to control. this logic works fine in the military but when freedom of choice is available people require a good reason to do things. any time i have questioned issues such as transparency in negotiations i received the same answer: "it is so because the mec says it is so". fine. i don't have to agree with it. i don't have to believe in it. and i don't have to remain quiet while our representatives steer us into the quagmire that is your future (it looks exactly like your past).
it’s now out in the open for everyone to see:
# odd one out
which make americans embrace solar energy
this is a silly sort of discrimination. it means that academics who pay very little for their membership can easily contact everyone else in the directory while people who pay the full rate for their membership have to resort to such trusty tricks as playing around with google (or asking their secretaries to do it for them) if as often happens they need to contact a trade mark academic.
reviewing the roxy premiere the anonymous critic for time magazine wrote “there are two rollicking sailors in this fractious and excellent comedy. . . . a girl in every port is really what price glory? translated from arid and terrestrial irony to marine gaiety of the most salty and miscellaneous nature. nobody could be more charming than louise brooks that clinging and tender little barnacle from the docks of marseilles. director howard hawks and his entire cast especially robert armstrong deserve bouquets and kudos.”
sad news that the legendary rock vocalist ronnie james dio has passed away aged after battling with stomach cancer.
i was thinking about exactly how does body shape affect weight loss? we all know that the abdominal fat is stubborn and never wants to leave so do apples lose slower? i did a little research this morning and wasn't able to find any specific studies to support my train of thought.
this time it is savills which is the agent for the sale and the examiner reports “savills described the bidding as competitive and recommended the sale as the best price possible”
in contrast daily lives of high school boys presents a few different perspectives to literary girl the first being the reaction of the high school boy who tries to impress her. this is especially evident in his romanticized response; instead of blowing her off or ignoring her like one would expect he wholeheartedly throws himself into her game in order to get her reaction. by attempting to meet her romantic expectations he is also able to momentarily escape his own reality. the comedic part comes in when a third party enters the equation with a more rational or realistic mindset (in the scene above it’s another character yelling about potato chips being on sale at a convenience store).
dr. king made it clear the struggle was not against whites it was about creating a loving and just community a beloved community where everyone is given dignity equality and love. for dr. king it was not about an “us” and a “them” it was about building a community of love and justice for all here in america and in the world as a whole.
xena the warrior princess so much to learn in that show i don't think i could list it all
siri seemed a bit slow on the uptake."i don't know who your father is" she replied. "in fact i don't know who you are."
“kuchi kuchi hota hai” are words that are certain to trail behind you once you’ve been recognized as indian in the island of the gods as the balinese find india synonymous with shahrukh khan. be prepared to be called raj if you’re a guy. also be prepared to take away part of the balinese love back home in the form of extra kilos. a copious quantity of it goes into the food that arrives on your plate. the seafood is unbelievably scrumptious with its juicy giant prawns satiated in dripping butter. they have all kinds of cuisine’s and restaurants on the island but the balinese style of cooking with their own unique mix of herbs and spices is incredibly satisfying.
greg also emphasized that teachers need to spend more time on mental math. if teachers do not teach mental math (or can’t do it themselves) then they teach kids to rely on the visual. when we spend time on teaching kids to solve problems quickly in their heads then they will develop strong mental math skills that are needed for higher more complicated math.
the seasons flow in ohio a little earlier than they do here in connecticut so it’s always fun to see the coming attractions on tracy’s blog. she calls herself an “amateur” photographer but the life and spirit she captures with her lens are extraordinary
don quixote volney stands by his comments….he says the media too slack…and he have all the information at hand to make the claims he making…..kamla all yuh really know how to pick them oui
tongkat ali has been found to inhibit antilung and breastcancer properties. as a result of which much research has been done to find out the extent to which he has to help in the fight against these tumors.
we set the spinnaker and started reaching back toward the finish. again we worked the bainbridge island shore to avoid the typical hole around university point. we had a nice reach down port orchard with a good boost from the now ebbing current. i worked at keeping the boat sailing to it's target speeds. i have found recently that when i go off my polars i get cranky and slow. life is much better when i am on my polars
there are periods of your life you no longer remember.
there are a few classes of ben omnitrix watches on sale the cheapest being rm and most expensive being rm. juan or wanted the rm one but mommy disagree on buying it since the babysitter had already given him one as birthday present recently. juan or also asked to buy ben figurines and playsets (the cheapest being rm for a set of figurines) but mommy refused again because mommy felt rm is still considered expensive considering ben toys are not very educational in nature. even the figurines are mere simple figurines (call it as boy's version of barbie dolls) unlike transformers robot toys that are made up of various small but movable parts that require a substantial amount of 'engineering thoughts' to assemble let alone transform them.
vip fairie memebership
harry martin kp at the nearby royal duchy hotel noticed a significant influx of guests on the day of the fire.
dining on fine local cuisine wine tasting and discovering the local wines of places i visit and taking a minute power walk every morning in the neighborhood where i’m staying – from venice italy to scottsdale arizona – i have such wonderful memories of my morning walks in every city i visit.
as an adult adoptee who has done much reading and counseling on the topic i recognize the roleplay here. people enjoy a happy adoptee a “good” adoptee. people are most comfortable when things are going well. i love my family and had a great childhood. i was a highachieving goaloriented type of girl growing up. i performed very well. that is very acceptable but when i crashed and burned during my search for my birthfamily i was altered. i lost my ground. i couldn’t grab a hold of my connection . . . . i didn’t think i could grab onto my family’s connection and my other family (my birthfamily) didn’t want me to connect with them. i was lost. so i’m confused. was my childhoodpbringing me? or was i trying to “fit in” to be accepted to be loved? i can’t tell. 
“car? bakit wala kang imik? galit ka ba?”
unfortunately my eating habits have back slid a bit. a few too many treats and a bit too much junk food has been consumed lately. i am still eating mainly healthy meals however i tend to punctuate them with chocolate far too often these days. so it's time to clean up the diet as i go forward.
catholics showed the largest gains in states including in nevada colorado and texas and the assemblies of god while lds growth rates may be impressive mormons remain a small part ( percent) of the u.s. population.
(reporting by dan levine in san francisco and carlyn kolker in new york; additional reporting by jeremy pelofsky in washington; editing by martha graybow and john wallace)
when i think of how often i let my mind slip into another dimension when i should really be listening and learning i'm reminded of romans :. "so then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of god." if i had approached that church service with the attitude of gleaning all that i possibly could from god's word that night just maybe god would have given me the exact answer i needed for my problem.
there are two predominant ways of dealing here in the united states. there is the culture of doubt and there is the culture of dogma. both are remedies to the problem of choice.
the closing of the emerson branch in part of the move toward racial integration provoked a deep sense of sorrow in the black community here a sense of loss that has not been fully voiced until lately.
this awesome altered tin was created using graphic 's steampunk debutante collection. really proud of this one this is a new project created just for this design team call. i love making altered tins and can not believe i have never made one using this collection before. it's perfect i had so much fun creating this piece and wanted to create a feel of mystery.
my forever emmanuel.
we will run errands a and b first because they must get done today.
the award winner won't be announced for a while but it's truly an honor just to be nominated.
i know it’s .
each other which will end up nominating mitt
we started looking for a soft cone. i found one at a pet store a little farther away called and had them put that sucker on hold. i think i would have driven hours for it.
and yesterday joel put them into the ground. he chose a bed between two hoophouses as it is a little more sheltered there and our spring is continuing to be cold and wet.
“i can’t remember whether he said liberal or independent.”
so which story will we choose to love believe in and build our lives upon? perhaps our answer is most clearly revealed in the songs we choose to love and believe in. so let us choose wisely. amen.
hi all tami here. i was off on vacation this month and upon returning to "normal" it totally slipped my mind that we have some winners to announce
born to be redeemer of our world
officiant
you people make war and then complain.
court documents show that the patent worker stole a total of $ over transfers of which were to reid. it is unclear from documents where the other $ went.
lesson learn people world domination is not an easy job its a dedication the story is simple win your harem a heug harem at that and dominate the world cause your “imouto”legal wife” says so. well ejoy this pleasingly hard game least its not as hard as “that certain space game” hahahaha. the cgs well its oyari doing all the coloring from the various artist contributed sp yeah expect the consistency but for kenshin she still uses the same render from rance so yeah. enjoy your dedication
still tcm has been a fun story to work on. i'm enjoying writing the current chapter but am hung up on describing one of my favorite sensationsthe smell of two girls having sex. i feel like i could wax poetic on it for days but when it comes right down to it i'm having trouble getting the point across. i'm also striving to shatter a standard american fiction tropethat is to say when you get married the story ends and the credits roll. our (as yet unnamed) hero is happily married albeit in a quasi open marriage but he and carmen will still manage to have plenty of adventures.
you may notice that every now and then i like to feature a shower or bachlorette party item. bridal showers are one of my favorite parts of being engaged but a bride cannot plan her own shower. she can hint at things but the details are usually decided by her mother sister and 'maids.
any chance i get to make something related to it i am there baby
jazmineasmine sullivan singer songwriter wrote a song called “resentment” victoria beckham recorded the song yet beyonce came along and stole the credit for the song. once again not giving anyone the credit but herself.
while trying to work everything out i got cranky and drew this in ps.
i tried this variation as well (with a shiny silver instead of black) and the edges were a little messy. luckily i had a silver paint pen in my art bucket and so i outlined the bird to give it a sharper line.
“if you stay i will show you a world where you might feel more at home.”
if you find that you are having to explain the basics of respect and courtesy to a partner – if you are finding that he just doesn’t seem to get it when you try to explain why his behavior or actions were disrespectful – run far and run fast. people who are capable of maintaining and contributing to a loving supportive healthy relationship don’t need to constantly have the concepts of respect compassion and consideration explained to them” emotional abusers by nathalie p.
but i don’t think it stops at just controlling our jealousies and regrets. we can’t just stop wishing we could go back in our past and relive happier days and the world magically becomes a better place. the whole point isn’t just to make us feel better about ourselves and our lives. no i think there is another step here. the next step would be seeing if there is anything we can do or any of our resources we can use to help fill in some lush grass in someone else’s yard or at least water it a little. you know the one the yard with the dried brown grass and patches of mud.
from the very first page i was completely sucked into the space between. yovanoff's unique depiction of heaven hell and places in between was unlike anything else i've ever read dark twisted and yet strangely beautiful and compelling. though i found daphne to be a somewhat flat character i couldn't help but find her fascinating. yovanoff did an excellent job of creating a believable character who is innocent of real human relationships and knows nothing about the earth or the people who inhabit it. daphne's ignorance and selfdiscovery was incredibly compelling and pulled me in up until the very last page.
. the excommunication of sr. margaret mcbride for her role in an abortion at st. joseph’s in was formally declared by olmsted in a private exchange with the religious.
you’ll learn what whiskey is how it compares to other distilled spirits and how american whiskey compares to other world whiskeys such as scotch canadian and irish. production methods recipes tasting techniques and history are all covered.
“thank you for coming gentlemen.” said the pharaoh “your case is awkward and i’m consequently put in an invidious position. while it’s been determined that it’s likely you were trying to poison me it cannot absolutely be proved. however given the seriousness of this suspicion it wouldn’t be right to free both of you. at the same time it wouldn’t be right to kill both of you. so i’ve decided on a compromise. i’ll let one of you go and i’ll have the other one of you killed. to show my heart is in the right place the man i’ll free i’ll also restore to his former position.”
about a&e network
i told ya it was simple i created a x card with lavendar card stock using a corner rounder on the bottom edges. i used the butterfly image from our daily bread designs' happy birthday set to stamp random butterflies on the card stock with versamark watermark ink. after drying i stamped the sentiment where desired and sprinkled it with white embossing powder. after shaking off the excess i used my heat gun to complete the embossed look. i tied some seam binding at the top (using a double bow) and attached a silver safety pin with two pearls added for interest. so easy
taking a deep breath she continued “ok so then here’s the new idea; instead of leaving it in your wardrobe and gradually building up such a huge store of unwanted clothes that you have to buy a new house to keep them in as we have all been doing so far what you do is…you take them to a store and give them away.
 batangas governor vima santos and the provincial government’s proposal to erect a hollwoodlike structure on taal volcano island
children with autism can have repetitive behaviour patterns deficits in social interaction as well as verbal and nonverbal communication.
for the uninitiated here is some info on kirk’s folly from its website.
by beautifully blending the modern with the classic burlesque von teese has become a feminine icon showing strength through sexuality. always inspired by the art of glamour and through her use of incredibly beautiful sets and detailed costumes von teese gives the grandest of shows worldwide. some of her most famous dances feature a carousel horse a clawfoot bathtub a giant powder compact and her take on sally rand’s popular feather dance. undoubtedly her most famous act though is her cocktail glass show where she performs a classic striptease that culminates in her bathing in the glass.
dear uterus...........
so yay for the chest freezer and also for the other fabulous gift bubba gave me which i'm sure i'll bitch about right here for you all to see as soon as i can figure out how to get it working.
moved to blog widget.
support activities for agriculture & forestry
but she can say these things and say them badly.
a friend of mine posted a thought provoking picture on facebook which got me thinking about how far one can go expressing one’s views before the pc police step in and tell you that the line has been crossed.
but some donors have business links to the city raising eyebrows among goodgovernment groups since the mayor has called for strict curbs on donations from city contractors to candidates in the campaignfinance program.
it sure is nice not being the youngest in the office anymore.
. i think i smell a rat
and i majored in theatre arts."
i hope that you can find a good way to deal with your situation whether it comes down to some deep conversation or divorce. i also hope that you will find someone for your oldest child to talk to. it can be so hard growing up and feeling like you can do no right in your parents eyes. get them some help before this situation gets worse. you should also take the time to let your oldest know what an amazing person you think that they are. make sure to be encouraging and to remind them how much you love them and commend them when they do well so they don’t feel like their accomplishment’s go unnoticed. in the end you know what is right for you and your family and i hope that good things will grow from this situation.
you can see that the city’s been built up around the windmill since it was built. it’s not out of town any longer)
he saved his special brand of contempt and physical violence for my mother and later for me. i saw more of that side than i ever cared for. no child should ever see what i saw. he showed me the depth and breadth of bile within a man that would reserve him a very special place in hades.
green light john legend & andre 
i was thinking today about how happy i am that i don’t do this anymore then i started pondering addictions as a whole.
yeah yeah
keeps screen closed
a nurse came over quickly and placed a gentle arm on the elderly man. she spoke in a calm voice like a mother signing a lullaby
i know that technically "ugh" is probably not a word but it's the only one i have that adequately sums up how i feel right now.
full sail brewing company tasting room and pub old boardhead barleywine ale
but at least yemeni women can drive. it surely hasn’t ended their litany of problems but it symbolizes freedom — and nowhere does such symbolism resonate more than in saudi arabia where child marriage is also practiced and women are perpetually minors regardless of their age or education. saudi women far outnumber their male counterparts on university campuses but are reduced to watching men far less qualified control every aspect of their lives.
so cool back in .
troubling me than religion or people who think problems can be solved with a
do you see them—a few high wisps of cirrus drifting away
there were very important events coming up: our younger daughter was graduating from high school in may our elder daughter was to be married (at disneyworld) in june with a reception at our farm in tennessee to follow days later and becky’s dish convention was coming up in july. and at least for the wedding there were some details still to be worked out. during the spring her doctors at vanderbilt recommended that she start treatments with a low dose of a drug she had tried before which she did. a higher dose was not recommended this soon after transplant. and although this drug had not been effective earlier her new immune system after transplant offered a very different host environment where it might be effective this time around. also it causes relatively few side effects and would not likely interfere with the upcoming happy events.
amazingly the iconic cantina band was never realized in actionfigure form in the original kenner lineup but you could purchase a painted representation of them as part of the creature cantina playset.
unwanted graffiti was a large part of the visual blight that dominated most vistas in the borough. as everyone knows however tools can be used for good or bad and when seen in this light it is perhaps not so ironic that the aerosol spray demonstrates quite clearly that in times of need your worst enemy can become your best friend :)
in the muppets and singersongwriter john denver performed "the twelve days of christmas" together on the television special john denver and the muppets: a christmas together.
as a person with a disability and the parent of a child with special needs i was able to connect with parents in a way the average ‘social worker’ or teacher couldn’t. parents appreciated having another parent to talk to and to help them navigate the special education system.
i am sure that wyatt will send brian a lot of signs on father's day which means more than anything materialist ever can. but i wanted to ensure that brian had something to open something that would be a reminder of wyatt for years to come.
director: steven soderbergh
“introducing new softlips® cheeseburger
have a great evening everyone... and may you embrace the magic within see you super soon
well it's a new year now isn't it? josh and i spent nye day celebrating the st birthday of our best friends' twins and then spent a quiet evening at home watching simpsons snacking and doing laundry. exciting i know but there's nothing else i would rather have been doing.
exhibit a 
i know that this happens everyday and i am not the only mother. but sometimes it feels like i am. sometimes i feel like i am in it alone. that i have to do it all by my self but i dont have to be in this alone there are women going thru it and if you need someone to talk to like i do i am here…….
 i once wrote some poems
then grief has left you low it causes tears to flow
i did a really good toxin detox where i could eat good organic food and i got down to pounds. afterwards i went back up to . this is where i’m stuck.
“flak” refers to negative responses to a media statement or program. it may take the form of letters telegrams phone calls petitions lawsuits speeches and bills before congress and other modes of complaint threat and punitive action. it may be organized centrally or locally or it may consist of the entirely independent actions of individuals.
thursday night all of the girls got together and went out to dinner at olive garden to celebrate and i was asked to make cupcakes. orginally i made homemade chocolate chip cupcakes with diane's cream cheese icing. unfortunately the baking powder i used was way out of date so i wound up make a yellow cupcakes out of a box b i didn't have time for anything else. i topped them with pink sanding sugar and green fondant hearts and flowers. i didn't take a picture b i left my camera at home. everyone loved them. they're favorite part was the cream cheese icing you're right diane it's such a hit
in the meantime i want to thank all of you who have stopped by read my posts commented and become friends. without all of you good burp would have amounted to one of the millions of failed blogs sitting out there in cyberspace.
we scarfed our entrees down and i completely forgot to take pictures. meat is meat right?
the history spring drive watches at seiko
i've been keeping my eye out for a neutral "nude" shoe that had some funk to it this pair fit the bill perfectly...and would you believe they are never worn never worn i'm flabbergasted but i know exactly why: they are labeled size but they would be huge on a real size . i'm anywhere from a large . to a in shoes and my feet have plenty of room in these. i bet someone bought them and discovered they were way too big. they even still had the box and the shoe bag they were $.
since atheism has abandoned its claim to logic and evidence as the basis for its worldview it seems odd to claim that nonreligionists are more analytical unless of course that means being mentally totally materialoriented and with limited or no mental capacities otherwise. the idea that knowledge stops at mathcience is a limitation which directs focus away from rational principles which works like this: materialism is all there is because: shut up.
“there are a lot of anecdotes about deaf people being better able to pick up on body language but this is the first evidence of that” said david corina professor in the uc davis department of linguistics and center for mind and brain.
yeah tastes to me like a weak form of cleaning solution. it's zippy and light with a huge amount of the belgiantype yeast that i just cannot stand.
wilderness at the edge of bushwick
by the time : rolled around i was ready to just crawl in bed with a sleeve of thin mints and call it a night. but the next best thing was to at least get out of the house for a bit no matter what state i was in. so naturally i ended up seeing the person i least wanted to see. the who what and whys are not important but it was not pleasant.
i am not on a diet..i am on a journey of obedience with god. this is a life long
the anc regime promptly instituted a commission of inquiry which predictably concluded that all universities were infested by unrepentant white racists. coloured academic jonathan jansen an unapologetic critic and even hater of afrikaners was made rector of the university possibly to teach those afrikaner “racists” a lesson.
wanting nothing but to put my best foot forward even though i was born with two feet.
then he walks over to me and starts helping me put my leaves in a bag. so i honestly would love the help but seems like a bit of a jerk move to let him help as i continue ignoring him. i tell him i really didn't need the help but i appreciated it anyway and he won't stop ugh.
 t. chia seeds
you may find some neat ways to store your craft supplies in this new miniseries.
so i have claimed that conflicts can be good but you still don’t want them to continue forever right? being in the middle of a conflict can be exhausting and it is only beneficial if the parties end the conflict by coming to an agreement.
deans of cathedral churches
now before i show you my finished blouses i will dissect for you a few of my past creations. because i'm never fully happy with how things turn out there is always something i wish i would have changed.
zen.
title search
he was supported by anton alberts of the rightwing freedom front plus party: “malema’s comments are creating an atmosphere that is conducive to those who want to commit murder. he’s an accessory to the wiping out of farmers in south africa.”
 – the living room – providence ri
six stray cats on ten persian rugs...
.....he has true compassion for others
one can imagine how refreshed i felt upon returning to the — as yet — nonmuslim world to the sunshine to relative freedom.
mark: learning when to quit and not pester the crap out of his brothers.
if you are in a relationship and it’s fantastic meaningful passionate loving and intimate then congratulations on a level of intimacy i would like to mention a few things. maintain polarity a masculine energy is best complimented by a feminine energy. and equally important and vice versa a feminine energy is best complimented by a masculine energy. don’t forget to continue to do the things that you did when you both fell in love. remember love is a verb. if you want to love someone then love them. you do love. you feel love when you do things for the other person that brings them absolute love and joy that makes them feel valued. keep writing those love letters put them under the pillow sprinkle that love dust on the meal you cook them or the hot drink you make them keep it fun and playful. keep dating each other. try new things in the bedroom and don’t be afraid to talk openly and explore new things with each other. intimacy when shared between two people soley is a gift.
little apparition island collect all oil barrels on apparition island
one week after the letter appeared however of his colleagues joined baker in signing the group of ’s statement. to my knowledge not one member of the group has ever publicly criticized baker’s letter. it seems alas that the group’s oftexpressed concerns with racism only go in one direction.
yeah. i’m probably overreacting. i’ll give you that. but this is my blog and this is how i feel right now. and when you read it you’ll think i’m crazy. well you know what maybe i am.
so on wednesday i was host to kids after school. marko invited all of his current friends over and together they formed a little international football league – one canadian one brit one dutch and one portugese. that football sure is a bond for the boys.
we try to give our worth to just about anything and everything don't we?
it follows her and it follows you.
enjoy your week...
s
matthew bourne works heavily with concept. he is incredibly aware of the setting and period of his work. this always sits well with my “one foot in the theatre camp” approach to dance. for the nutcracker the setting is that of an orphanage which then becomes a lake and finally sweetyland. each of these environments lends itself to very different styles of movement – the rigidity of orphans drilled to perform for visitors moves to sweeping ice dance swirls which is topped by the fabulously camp array of sweet based characters. the concepts are strong and the set design does every moment justice. my favourite set had to be the wedding cake – each tier provided a platform for hollywood musical style leg swinging. followed closely by the entrance to sweetyland the giant glittering mouth guarded closely by the humbug bouncer.
after a long break from reading i am usually a little tentative at first like kissing again after a romantic drought. you know you want to but are you ready? will you get pulled in too quickly? sometimes i’ve almost been too shy to open a longneglected book and reignite feelings and thoughts…luckily books are very forgiving.
kaleidoscope was the result of a nine brewery collaboration between (take a
the key to your happiness is in your hands and only your hands. when you try to hold others responsible for making you happy sooner or later you will be disappointed. we tend to blame others when we are not happy. we like to put the blame somewhere besides ourselves when we are not happy but yoga says you and only you are in charge of your happiness. when you are not happy look within.
if it was me i would call this dish beef skillet fried rice but it has been dubbed “rice stuff” and it’s out of my hands now. it’s a very easy dish to make and seldom results in leftovers. and i almost always have everything in the house to make it without any advanced planning.
unfortunately i don't think any of that has helped my symptoms. but that's okay... i feel so much healthier and just better in general.
(now i just need to fix that buggy "read more" page break code and i'll be golden)
taxes are a cacophony of chaos
don't put the battery into fire and heat it.
analphabetic adj; ignorant of the alphabet illiterate. i trust this does not describe me as i am alphabet dictionary woman extraordinaire.
 cups of ripe jamun fruit
matt stokes' recent practice focuses on the investigation of music subcultures. working with musicians writers actors composers and local community figures stokes looks to the social position and power that marginal groups have to influence a broader demographic. often drawing attention to the spontaneous creativity that exists within countercultures and the potent visual practice that runs alongside them. stokes explores the way in which these communities exchange ideas through music and their unique visual aesthetics. operating independently from mainstream marketing these communities challenge conventional and hierarchical methods of disseminating information. collaboration and a sense of shared authorship are at the core of these movements and consequently mirrored in stokes' projects.
then to dinner before coming home and watching the stars in the exact spot they used to. it was an incredible night and gracie knew she didn’t deserve it but she didn’t want to break nicolas’ heart. she knew she was a lucky woman and would continue to make it up to him for the rest of her days.
plus to the rochefort . this turns things up a bit in more ways than just numbers with a sweeter burnt sugar aroma and oodles of dried fruits. plumper than its little brother it delivers more big boy toffee than soft caramel flavours. plummy and figgy with a vinous edge chewy is a good word to describe it and i really like it for that. despite the luscious fruitiness it finishes quite dry with a tealike tannic finish that makes it quite refreshing. it's a subtle bugger though and being so drinkable you don't notice the .% abv sneaking up on you.
putting lorette avenue’s hermaphroditic charm to use during the hot summer of i shot a fast frame super film out our front window into the backyards across the street. it wound up with a great pere ubu soundtrack a song called go and is a popular choice on my dicktool channel on youtube. catch a glimpse of lorette back then.
perhaps the most controversial comments were from finchley traders association campaigner helen michael. she urged all tory voters to "back boris and sack brian (coleman)" and distributed leaflets showing all the shops closed by brian colemans parking policies. helen is a core tory voter and completely alienated by coleman.
with such inexhaustible riches.
i don’t think i actually care that people completely change their fashion for three days of music in the california desert but i do think it’s pretty ridiculous how many celebrities and “celebrities” go to coachella every year just to see and be seen all while looking like they’re going to the hippie equivalent of a renaissance fair.
last night i found out that jim smith passed on september . this is a late tribute to a talented man with a big heart. i hope some of his many friends find their way here. if you are one of those friends please add your stories of jim.
in this first testing ground of the atomic bomb i have seen the most terrible and frightening desolation in four years of war. it makes a blitzed pacific island seem like an eden. the damage is far greater than photographs can show.
we must change the measure of success for our system of education.
so we need to spiff things back up but a little elbow grease into those dusty areas. spruce it up a notch or two. maybe put in a nice potted plant to balance the room. feng shui if you will. how about a bonsai tree?
i... am kind of speechless right now. i have no idea what to say because i don't think i'm going to be able to express just how much i loved this book. of course this review isn't going to be helpful at all. i'm a failure of a reviewer i know i know.
the final layer has been created inside the start screen movie clip symbol.
all that was before skype.
when the lovely georgina dollface had a blog break a few weeks ago she decided to keep a list of daily thoughts and observations and then blog about them when she got back. i loved reading them....they gave a great glimpse into her day so i thought i would do the same for our thai holiday (i won't do it all in one go cause i think both thee and me would lose the will to live). soooo here goes....
“i’ll wait for you folks. whatever time this takes” mr. bowen assured them.
i ask again do i need to take a break. or is it that i want to break free completely?
this challenge will run from today tuesday th december to monday th december
who’ve found a wedge issue. i just want my son to live. is that asking too
vnto woe vnto woe vnto woe
because once they stop working we are dead.
rule – a recognised football body club official team official other member of team staff player or other person under the jurisdiction of the scottish fa shall at all times act in the best interests of association football and shall not act in any manner which is improper.
one little excel cell at a time. one graph at a time. one powerpoint slide at a time.
oh there was one more bright spot. all the way home from the colombo airport i was terrified of unlocking the door and finding whoknowswhat going on in our house. i pictured the squirrels building a lakeside resort in the flooded dining room. nope the house was dry and squirrel free. i guess they’re good at cleaning up their postparty messes at least.
my game was over after the first ten minutes of play. rather embarrassingly i had twisted my ankle in the prematch warm up. there were neither any opponents nor divots in the pitch on which to blame the injury on. i had simply changed the direction in which i was running in when my full weight fell upon my left ankle which i then felt slowly inflate inside my boot like the cheeks of a tuba player. it was what marc judd had rather philosophically described as just one of those things. he too had aggravated an injury prior to the game although kristian hewitt was adamant that his hamstring strain was being used to mask the hangover he believed him to be suffering from having spent the previous evening at a wedding reception at ford's social club. despite being picked in the starting lineup he would play no part in the game.
i actually intentionally failed this sequence a few times so i could indulge my curiosity about the environmental storytelling in the surrounding area. wheelchairs and debris litter the hallway. other inmates in adjoining cells convulse in their straight jackets while the necromorphs attack. (mrs. jpg posited two good questions: "can you save any of them?" and "wait why are they in straight jackets if they're already locked in cells?" the answers are spoilers "no" and "beats the hell out of me.") some inmates have scrawled cryptic messages on the walls (sigh); but instead of using blood they've apparently used their own excrement (...yay?). which from what i understand from lockup is fairly realistic.
publisher: hodder children's books
 terminated
it is not all bleak news. it sounds like their new products will be more affordable to those of us struggling to afford gluten free foods.
mintz: not partners. that's your first lesson. cuts your score in half right down the middle. worse than that you take a partner you put an apple on your head and hand the other guy a shotgun. grifters huh? you're one all right. grifters got an irresistible urge to beat a guy who's wise. there's nothing to whipping a fool. hell fools are made to be whipped. but to take another pro even your partner who knows you and has his eye on you that's a score no matter what happens."
professor: i guess you’ll have to take them on faith son.
…we must understand the meaning of relationships with kṛṣṇa. in this material world we have many relationships as father mother wife or husband. whatever relationship we find here is but a perverted reflection of the relationship we have with the supreme lord. whatever we find in this material world is born of the absolute truth but here it is pervertedly reflected in time. whatever relationship we have with kṛṣṇa goes on. if we have a relationship in friendship that friendship is eternal and continues from life to life. in the material world a friendship exists for a few years and then breaks; therefore it is called perverted temporal or unreal. if we make our friendship with kṛṣṇa it will never break. if we make our master kṛṣṇa we will never be cheated. if we love kṛṣṇa as our son he will never die. if we love kṛṣṇa as our lover he will be the best of all and there will be no separation. because kṛṣṇa is the supreme lord he is unlimited and has an unlimited number of devotees. some are trying to love him as lover or husband and therefore kṛṣṇa accepts this role. in whatever way we approach kṛṣṇa he will accept us as he states in bhagavadgītā.
sex and candy marcy playground
ix
for his information the term “total onslaught” was coined by the french general general andré beaufre who was for many years the french’s chief strategist and whose ideas and writings are incorporated all over the world in fact in the us and british militaries as well.
i’m sure all you nonfat jealous losers out there are a little confused as to what i’m talking about. that’s probably because you’re all so busy living the ultraglamorous lives that inherently come with being thin and not jealous and not losery to spend much time on random blog hating. let me just flop my big fat jealous loser hamhands onto the keyboard and type out a few scenarios for you.
oh aye. she might be gone awhile then?
we've had a rough week here mommy being sick and all the kids seemed to turn on me the other day like they knew i was well enough to handle them misbehavin' but not really well enough to take care of it properly well meal times have become a joke in the last two days i couldn't get either kid to eat anything
no one person can perform all functions effectively. owners hire presidents that surround themselves with executives directors vicepresidents regional managers general managers coordinators assistants supervisors etc.
the works of the russian jewellers and as well as cult and decorative and household objects from the largest centres of metal treatment of germany austria poland netherlands france england were widespread on the territory of ukraine. aesthetic tastes of that or another epoch are reflected in them.
i shudder
hosted by a beautiful and very clever lady who allowed her passion for pink and cooking of delectable treats to be an amazing creation of loveliness.
in what ways has this study enabled you “to come to voice” about your own identity as shaped by dominant cultural notions of gender race class and sexuality particularly related to issues of sexism patriarchy white supremacy classism heteronormativity and homophobia?
ever since i saw this in aipi blog it was in my mind.i was waiting for right time and tried yesterday.it came out perfect and went really well with chappatioti.its easy to put together and taste great.the only change i made is omitting onion and garlic and rest i followed the same.
a park on peoria's outskirts
because when i hear your name
cosmo cricket garden variety
before my recent milwaukee visit with him and his wife peggy (one of my oldest and dearest friends) mike bought a new iphone s. infatuated with his toyas grown men tend to behe began to show off the phone's new voicecommand feature.
* lizzie borden didn't kill her parents. the evidence for this claim why she was acquitted. just like klaus von bulow and oj simpson.
hey america please quit blaming bobby brown for whitney houston’s death. last time i checked whit had full control of her own nostrils and esophagus.
cut it into wedges.
ultimately grace of my heart is the story of a survivor. denise endures all kinds of ups and downs in her personal and professional life with music as the constant thread that runs throughout. it is always there for her whereas the men in her life come and go. her personal journey propels the film and when it hits a lull this mirrors the lull in her life until someone like joel comes along and gets her going and the film’s narrative starts up again. by the end of the film you really feel like you’ve been on a journey with this character. denise channels all of her life experiences into her music and so it makes sense that the film climaxes with her finally recording and releasing the fulllength album she had always wanted to do. it is rare when you see a film that is such a labor of love as this one. anders and douglas poured so much of themselves into this project and it shows. grace of my heart may strain at times under its own ambition but one has to admire its desire to do so in a day and age where so many films and filmmakers play it safe.
my plan is to start a diary perhaps use this blog if people don’t object noting the pain; medications; feelings; appointments etc. if i do it online i shall be able to copyaste it ready to post along with application forms. if anyone has any other ideas i shall be very grateful? get in touch if you do am willing to try all feasible options
if you want to glaze the tart bring the jelly and water to a boil. using a pastry brush or better yet a pastry feather (custard is delicate) and a light touch cover the top of the tart with the hot jelly. if the apples and custard have separated use the glaze to fill in the cracks. if you are not glazing the tart just dust the top generously with confectioners' sugar.
~that light fixture what a stunning centerpiece for the room.
i love creating 'colorways' of fabric to create my patchwork. my patchwork camera strap slipcovers have been my best seller since they were first introduced ... and ... the compliment i get the most is my pairings of colorabric. it now seemed obvious.
the excess winter deaths total is a record of how many more deaths there are during winter months compared with the nonwinter months.
if fax is sent from outside the united states dial first the international area
imagine devant maharaj can come out and say that former chairmen of bweeal have demonstrated that they had no common sense when running the airline. one of these former chairmen is now the head of the integrity commission appointed by prime minister kamla persadbissessar. so devant maharaj is actually implying that his government appoints stupid people to run commissions.
blaring 's pop music
have you ever heard of pedestrians dying of collision?
finding the gaps diet has been such a blessing to our family. being able to share our experience with others only blessed our family further. thank you to cheeseslave for getting our story out to a wider audience and thank you to the many other bloggersacebookers (is that a word?) that have shared sam's story online.
anyway most people will say that buckwheat has a nutty flavor but it reminded me more of a grassy than nutty flavor. for bakers wanting to experiment with buckwheat i’d strongly recommend starting small because i found myself needing to get used to the almost smoky flavor of the flour. at first i was wondering if it was because i got it from an indian shop that it smelt and tasted so ‘indian’ (i’m not being discriminatory here but i associate this smell with indian homes) but i realized that it’s the same taste everywhere. it is an extremely earthy taste.
step three small changes. do not change your diet completely over night (unless you are seriously one of those people who can go completely cold turkey. i am not one of those people). example i used to have teaspoons of sugar in my coffee every morning. that is calories that really did nothing for me. i cut back to teaspoons for about a month. the next month i went down to teaspoon. then by the next month i did not have any sugar at all. you do not want to deprive yourself so you do not stick to a new eating plan. a lot of people believe you have to give up all your favorite dishes to lose weight. though you may have to give up some (such as fast food) there are a lot of healthy ways to make your favorites.
famous last words.. i 'dillied' and i 'dallied' like the best of them.. and upon reaching the salon of hercules... i lingered in awe of the painted ceilings of francoise le moyne.. i spent so long in this room just taking in all the incredible beauty.. it didn't hurt that the overall room tones were blue and green.. which just added to my delight and feeling of calm.. actually calm might not be the correct word... as i distinctly remember my poor aching neck from trying to take in every angle of that ceiling... if i could have lain on the floor to take the shots i would have.. but that might have caused some unwanted attention.. so finally exhausted with beauty i left the room sure that that was it .. nothing was going to match that sight...
 tbsp oil
(from ethan's letter)
since it seems we’ve had days and nights of rain already this spring and endless grey foggy days i decided to welcome in the sunshine to clear away the cobwebs with a scrumptious lemon meringue pie.
some of her classmates don't share in the good vibes of her just sixteen getting a main part in "don quixote" with the national ballet. still there can't be anything wrong in making a move on
 loweville :
gad i’d hate to be a judge and suffer full disclosure in this case.
oh wikipedia you are a wonderful site.
let’s see a socialist leader that punishes business that goes against his wishes and rewards those that do his bidding. hmmm… sound familiar? want to drill for oil? go screw yourself. oh? solyndra? here’s another half a billion dollars. how much did ge pay in taxes recently?
whatever you do whether scrapping at an event or just scrapping at home with some friends or even by yourself enjoy yourself 
and last but not least i'm so excited about this one. so this is music inspired by the story. basically the bible was taken and written into a book called the story so it actually reads like one solid story. so various christian artists came together to make this album including natalie grant mandisa bart millard (mercy me) mark hall (casting crowns) matthew west mac powell jeremy camp and many others ( total). there are some awesome songs on this. so far my faves are "alive" by natalie grant all about mary magdalene and then "born for this" by mandisa all about esther. ugh so good
my heart remains in a heavy place so i continue to be obedient and write from my heavy heart. over the last few years several people have asked me a question that has always stuck in my head. they all asked it a little differently but they were all saying the same thing when it came down to it. they asked...
xypherous: what is this?
another successful nickel quilt class – we didn’t even trip the circuit breakers until : in the afternoon. next stop allen quilters guild in allen texas.
or as blake himself wrote in ‘the four zoas’
and the profession? do we need to go the quality solicitors route with quality trademark professionals?
thirsty. he had to know. if i were him i'd ask her every day.
 answer applicants with a screening process info etc.
i see black dog nearly get hit on three occasions. my heart is jumping out of my chest.
as there had been so much discussion about cider duty i thought i would run a poll to find out how often blog readers drank cider. this has now closed with responses broken down as follows:
right next door to the gym. eat cake work it off
matthew’s soteriology.
before i close i wish to welcome my newest blog follower “mommymystic” to “this is who i am.” perhaps this time i shall indeed have thirteen new followers before the next full moon on monday june . i wonder who shall have the opportunity to have his or her question answered free of charge by robert alvarez the psychic witch if and when that happens. as a late and great capricorn used to say “time tells every story.” thank you.
“we are excited to announce the premiere of victor by victor costa on shopnbc victor will be debuting an entirely new line of fashion separates for women on may beginning at am et” it said.
the pressure of all this is taking a toll on my personality and i lashed out at my husband about it. so many of our weekends have been compromised by other events that i have no spare time to catch up. some have been for pleasure. thanks to spring break. some have been due to family emergencies. which you can't blame.
when she said she could not love
. love. to receive love is to have given love. love begins with kindness a choice. take out your neighbors garbage. mow their lawn. invite them over for dinner. kiss your spouse when you wake up in the morning. change a dirty diaper. hire a maid as a surprise or clean the house yourself. choose to respond with empathy when you have none. say the hard word when it matters and you must. take your children out on dates. surprise your parents with a visit. come home early from work. if someone notices something of yours they think is special or amazing or of note give it to them. listen to the stories of others. ask questions about someone else’ life. and of course though often missed have compassion on yourself. all love of god and neighbor flows from a love of self.
now turn'd to heav'n i weep my past offence
having been diagnosed with clinical depression i suppose i felt that i was qualified to assume this trait spanned across the depression spectrum. but i don’t think that’s true. i’ve been depressed and still cared about things. i’ve been incapable of giving a damn about anything while not being depressed.
happy hump day
grate the carrots finely and mash the banana with a fork. mix to make a dough with the flour rolled oats and oil. if necessary add a little water.
two suggested dates you have open in the upcoming months
the day before jorrie left taiwan he received his “samples” shipped from north korea through china. plenty enough material to replicate for pmp and somchem. he handed this off to an operative for vacuum packaging and transport on the plane. he went back to the hotel showered and threw out his day clothes. he wouldn’t want the “sniffers” to pick up a problem in the airport. he might not be able to fix that ‘little’ situation.
suzy jenvey is a senior agent at peters fraser and dunlop working in the books division. she represents children’s authors and illustrators for all age groups from picture books to teenage. before joining peters fraser and dunlop suzy worked in publishing in various roles including publicity director for macdonald books marketing director at chatto and windus and children’s publisher at faber and faber.
it therefore seems odd that the tribunal have imposed what is in fact more than the stated maximum penalty on mr whyte.
i'm just serving it with cabbage and roasted carrots and french bread.
. grandpa's interview – :
betsy and i have been to bald river falls near tellico plains tennessee several times. the waterfall is pretty and can be seen from the road. we went to see bald river falls in june while betsy was recovering from knee surgery since she could enjoy the waterfall without doing much walking.
most of us are programmed from conception with cellular ghosts from our ancestors and even more from our parents. encoded in these cells are imprints of our ancestors lives. their joys fears opinions financial status careers education and spiritual beliefs. now we’re not completely reprogrammed from our ancestors but there are small ghost imprints that linger in us. so when i look at my thighs and wish for julia roberts’ thighs i’m actually battling my grandmother my aunt lou and my aunt jean.
where they now add up to that
so now it's up to a public vote to decide the winner. here's the bit where i grovel ;)
i love this story though i still feel bad for my own turtle.
we let the glue set up for an hour or so and then we attached the florettes to the stems as they were designed to be attached. there are little prongs (the button looking pieces in the center) that snap the flowers in place on the arms. grace was in charge of most of the snapping.
i am definately using this for our next party ice cube trays for food i love it and kids get such a kick out of the colors i love this
deputy minister in the prime minister’s department datuk v.k. liew confirmed with the malaysian insider yesterday that the act often referred to as paa officially come into force on monday.
so just be careful out there that you don't do too much and that you can figure out how to keep up with everything even if all of it is fun. :)
ribbon (one inch wide ribbon works best)
scrap book paper in your favorite patterns (one "x" sheet will yield you envelopes)
.. iraq muqdadiya six sunnis are gunned down by suspected alqaeda.
and even though i just had a mini new year's eve sale i didn't want the last chance to have a roll tide sale pass by. soooooo.......in anticipation of bama's th national championship all items in my store are % off it's a quick sale though...ends monday night
fox news chairman roger ailes did not hire sarah palin as an onair commentator because of her lacerating wit or insight into domestic and foreign affairs.
i love pinterest i just can't keep that a secret. in my attempt to be a better blogger i'm going to try at least one pin each week and write about it...otherwise what good would those hours upon hours spent pinning be? ;)
hot tamale told me he was creeping up on us with his balloons in hand. i guess he thought it would be fun to sneak up on teddy bear and surprise her. well he certainly did that. she literally screamed like someone had pulled her head off. how does that much volume come out of something that little? she probably weighed all of pounds. (she has always been a little thing with messy reddish hair.)
lost in ecastasy in dark cause here i dont have to see my face.
five people have died from cholera in south africa after crossing from zimbabwe where a recent outbreak has killed more than people.
nomination : hardknott
what then would constitute a viable reasonable set of strategic objectives for a british paramilitary organization or organizations to formulate after a descent into the widespread ethnosectarian violence we predict here? most obviously it would include the following:
here i am late again you were months old on march and time is just flying by. i cannot believe that in a couple of short weeks you will be one
i am a huge bargain shopper. clearance and sales racks here i come my top hot spots are america's thrift (only located in the southern states) ross old navy salvation army goodwill and gap. my friends think it's hilarious that i won't spend over $. on a shirt but they're amazed at how much money i save them when we shop together
well again i thought maybe i would wear brandin down by applying again lol but i'm sure the amount of submissions was overwhelming and she chose some really talented scrappers. i will be looking forward to seeing all the beautiful work in the coming year congrats ladies
they must have girls running the show over there.
what we've become
like that overwhelmed server in a busy restaurant i am so far behind in my garden that our green customers have overwhelmed me and are attacking. well so what if i'm in the weeds in my garden? maybe i want to be the oldest kind of garden designer of all not a farmer but the kind of person who let's nature grow up against her. it just so happens i'm in a city though but i'm not afraid of the chaos of nature and you shouldn't be either. we've been mimicking her since to dawn of man and i'd rather mimic her than the newest garden design fads.
who cares if it's not the same? who cares that i'm not driving down the road in my swanky oversized overoptioned vehicle? good grief did you read that? it's totally ridiculous who cares?
inspires the poet with a love as lone
animal hair – in some blankets mattresses brushes furniture etc. alternatives: vegetable and synthetic fibers.
 medium tomatoes—peeled seeded and coarsely chopped
i'm really excited about this new dystopian anthology that's just being released. it says february th as the release date but amazon's already got them in stock and i've already got my copy on the way.
has recently negotiated with the association of universities and colleges of
speaking of paint remember how much i loved the sherwin williams paint on the kitchen island? well their paints are percent off through the weekend if you are a preferred customer. (at least at my store.) all you have to do to become a preferred customer is give an email address (i’m pretty sure anyway. i may know nothing.)
a loss at every moment’s turn?
i cannot believe it's only week until you are year old. wow. times flies what a great year it has been :)
vision from heaven upon any man or a nation will bring restraint. it’s not a restraint of legalism but rather a spirit influenced focus which produces moral excellence. when you see what heaven means for you to become you will guard vision with all your heart mind and soul.
outline sticker various designs in gold and silver x 
frankincense. a fantastic rich non greasy cream carefully made from spring water sweet almond thistle and argan oils glycerin vitamin e enriched with pure essential oils. full of fantastic frankincense which is believed to have an anti ageing effect on the skin. contains vegetable emulsifiers and a more natural preservative
two realisations: first much (though not all) of my rather grim attitude can be directly attributable to my reflections on the political front. simply put it's ridiculous. it's a joke it's a headache it makes you question humanity over and over etc etc etc. i watched a john stewart clip the other day where he joked about indefinite detention for americans; i couldn't even laugh at that because i was so incensed. yes the politics is like a hydra wherein every terrible story or major gaffe you dismiss several more inexplicably surface to taunt you.
. adenoids masses of lymphoid tissue that are located at the very back of the nose that helps to fight airborne bacteria when you are young. it shrinks as you grow and becomes completely useless when you are an adult.
while we were at lake powell last month we stopped at the walmart in page. i noticed that they had an entire case of green chiles for only $. i bought one the night before we came home because i never ever seen them sold by the case up here and they would certainly cost more than that.
me: ‘oh really? what happened?’ (i’m not expecting much but…)
this is real meditation. as a monk once said to me everyone is all always meditating the trick is to stop.
by derby we mean the kentucky derby. today was the th derby ran at churchill downs.
enjoy the rest of your weekend guys.
i got my master’s in education.
yesterday after pulling my hair out at the amount of toys we have in this house (and it's only been a year) i decided to make a soft boat for all of casper's stuffed animals. i used an old woollen blanket and some bendy wire things from a baby jungle gym that we were given. the pattern was fairly simple to draw up and i made it while casper was sleeping. i was going to put in a lining but decided against the extra work as the wool is thick and strong enough by itself. so i added binding instead.
i just got back from the gym where i watched top gear (that show owns my heart) and killing hitler on some history channel. it's a good thing not many people use the gym in my building.
add the gnocchi to the boiling water a few at a time. they will dance around and rise to the surface within a few minutes and once they've hung out on top for a minute or so they're done take them out with a slotted spoon.
. cook the pasta according to package directions omitting salt and fat. drain pasta in a colander over a bowl reserving cup cooking liquid. combine shrimp onions and garlic in a small bowl.
graphic
()fill a pastry bag with the dough to make a cream puff ring.
would you take a freakin’ look at this?
and the telegraph’s nick collins stayed in touch with a piece pointing out that ‘until now any public figure who believed they may have been subject to illegal tapping could request a summary of references to them in the mass of evidence siezed from private investigator glenn mulcaire in august . but now the metropolitan police have announced they will no longer distribute the evidence unless people can convince them there are “reasonable grounds” for believing their voicemails were accessed without authorisation.’
 cup juniper berries (we didn’t find these in jakarta so we skipped them)
"we all have our own life to pursue our own kind of dream to be weaving. and we all have some power to make wishes come true as long as we keep believing." ~ louisa may alcott
underwater plumes of oil and the dispersant corexit are worse beneath the surface. it hasn’t gone anywhere just settled on the gulf floor and the toxins penetrated the food chain. the true number of dead marine mammals may never be accounted for. to bp it’s merely burying the evidence. many believe the same fate awaits them as those who suffered in the wake of the exxon valdez spill because the government is unwilling to do what’s needed to prevent this from happening again.
please no one tell me if my logic is flawed.
as a ya author i've found the lack of diversity in publishing profoundly sad. i've been particularly disturbed by what i find in the ya sections. bookshelves filled with cover after cover of pretty white girls.
the nch report on homeless victims paints a chilling picture of the state of discriminatory violence against one of america’s most vulnerable and often despised populations. according to the report there have been nearly documented attacks on the homeless over the past decade including nearly reported homicides. this past year there were killings giving the distinction as being the deadliest at any point in time over the last decade. these numbers reflect only a fraction of the total attacks due to underreporting by victims and witnesses.
crct – social studies
happens to them. instead of just a boring interview we—and our readers—get to
the deadtossed waves carrie ryan
check out snapseed if you are instagram person. i presume you like the creativity that instagram gives you? my guess is you’ll switch to snapseed and then go out and rob a bank and buy your own complete herr tkachnik package too.
. lost a friend in a shop? i tried to make it look as if i lost her but i was really trying to ditch her. just kidding actually i usually shop by myself.
it is my favorite event every year. the fresh air the hot sun the colors the music the flowers the children the spirit.
add rest of the ingredients and toss with your hand not spoon or fork.
root beer cake
 goal #: second steroid shot (saturday at :am)
i would kill or die for my children. and i say that as a(n imperfect) pacifist. saying that is an expression of love.
this is the last official day of the holiday season here in sweden. the kids go back to school tomorrow and that means mommy goes back to work fullthrottle. i'm so behind i don't think i'll know where to begin. been thoroughly enjoying the sleepins till every morning too. waking up at : is gonna be murder on all of us tomorrow that's for sure. but truth be told i'm actually looking forward to getting back to the grind. too much lazy time. too many carbs not all of which i've enjoyed.
“i challenge all comers at everything” he boomed. frost and ice appeared where he stood and he looked so huge and frightening that noone dared to accept his challenge—except snow woman. friij looked her up and down and spat.
i'm going to auction this hook off and end the bidding on friday the th just to add a little more superstition in the mix (did you know that friday january is a magical day?) me either. heh so cast aside your doubts conjure up your bid and send it to me not by owl (way too slow for out of country bidders) but via the emagical way at jimbocrochetwhittler@yahoo.com and letting me know your bid. i'll post bids as they come in and run the auction until magic friday at the wizardly hour of pm pacific time. please bid in $ increments. ties will be broken by the time the bids are received. the first bid received in a tie wins.
 casper wy – the venue
denmark recently instituted a "fat tax" but unfortunately the government decided to tax butter and cheese and other fatty foods rather than pasta or sweet drinks so the tax will make danes less healthy.
happy happy friday we had so much fun at the rodeo last week love bug had never seen a rodeo and she absolutely loved it. we left baby bug at home with the babysitter since i was afraid the dust and dirt would affect his tracheomalasia. well if not days later a horrible dust storm blew through and screwed him up anyway. we should have taken him to the rodeo. he would have loved it. but luckily he is much better
here is what you need to make these red white and blue pushup popsicles.
i needed a generous volume and a slow drip. perhaps different volumes for different plant needs and the ability to increase water delivery when the heat is serious.
ibu: 
the x on the map above shows the spot at which incoming traffic merges with existing traffic. please note a) because of the curve in the road the continuing traffic on the bqe has very little distance to see the traffic attempting to merge; b) the traffic attempting to enter the bqe has little distance to observe the continuing traffic; c) there is no acceleration ramp at all; incoming traffic has to enter from a dead stop. as a matter of fact a stop sign is installed at about the spot marked x.
if all we are doing is complaining about the state of affairs in america and we are not praying for our leaders and our people we are not taking appropriate action. timothy :
tight: top shop
“i don’t see the need for it” said eric dayman.
our chookies are going really well the little girls are now weeks old they certainly love their food and we put them in the back garden to clean out the wandering dew which they did with great delight. they are five wonderful little personalities all different. they are scared of rosie who is at the top of the pecking order from watching them i have noticed they even have a little pecking order starting among themselves. one of the black hens i have called harriet as she is a great escape artist. if you need to know if something can be escaped from the just put harriet in there and you will find out very quickly.
trust is earned over time. so give it a fighting chance.
it's stressful in there.
it appeared that united bought continental. i wasn’t a big fan of either of them but it doesn’t really matter. they managed to change the signs in sfo but forgot to link the systems. when i showed my tickets to some employees of what clearly showed united airlines they exclaimed “ahhh you are for united that’s not us. go to the real united”. wtf? then the united counter had one worker for maybe lines. things were not looking good or fast. all that free market bologna – that monopoly ua worked no faster than our old government ussr service.
mixture in a large mixing bowl filled onethird of the way with ice water (be careful that the water doesn’t splash into the lemon mixture). stir the lemon mixture frequently until it is slightly chilled about minutes.
i would submit that far from supporting those assertions history suggests very strongly that they are complete bunk. perhaps even henry ford himself might have delighted in that conclusion.
bake in the oven until bubbling and browned on the top to minutes. remove from the over and allow to cool for minutes.
what this award really means is that i am supposed to share with you seven things about myself. my foggy posteaster brain may have a hard time coming up with seven things but here it goes:
thirteen years of labour governance have certainly taken their toll. andrew neather's revelation that ministers had deliberately encouraged immigration in order to "rub the right's nose in diversity" and for a "political purpose" proved what many people like myself had strongly suspected that immigration wasn't about economics but social engineering and the destruction of britain. around . million immigrants have entered the united kingdom legally under labour's administration that's more than a % increase on the ethnic minority population residing in the uk in according to the office of national statistics' figures:
as one of the few studies of maoa that lays out such racial prevalences this study is quite an enigma to me. one might expect a study of nearly subjects to more accurately reflect reality than smaller studies but the study apparently discovered no subjects with the repeat allele which has a markedly greater association with violence than the repeat allele that has received so much attention. other studies like one of american males by guo et al found that % of american males possess this allele. maoa is on the x chromosome of which females have two giving the sabol et al study well over chromosomes to examine. therefore i would have expected about or so chromosomes to have the repeat allele instead of none.
thomas dr winsted b koontz c. improving neglected influenza vaccination among healthcare workers in longterm care. j am geriatr soc ; : .
i really liked the oil rig painting i did the other day and wanted to try somethings similar.
my online trainer…nadine dumastill recommend this as a low calorie alternative when you are sick of water.
m: not quite . if you think i don’t have the balls to send a man out to die your instincts are dead wrong. i’ve no compunction about sending you to your death. but i won’t do it on a whim. even with your cavalier attitude towards life. i want you to find goldeneye find out who took it and what they plan to do with it and stop it. and if you should come across ourumov guilty or not i don’t want you running off on some vendetta. avenging alec trevelyan will not bring him back.
and here is the test with subplots the litmus test … if you remove it and the story still stands maybe you don’t need it?
we are reminded in john that “the wind blows wherever it wants. just as you can hear the wind but can’t tell where it comes from or where it is going so you can’t explain how people are born of the spirit.” and i share this because we need to remember we cannot command the holy spirit to do this or that for us.
transport needs and recreation. this
i'm sorry to ask for your help again so soon after our last quilt appeal but the situation is much more serious than first thought and many more people will be needing help now.
she wanted me to do an interpretive analysis on our dog blizzard’s emotions in this photo.
in the american historian and explorer paolo greer discovered a map from which also showed the location and name of the machu picchu mountain but again without any mention of the ruins. this map had been created by the german geologist herman gohring who had been part of an expedition in led by an explorer from cusco by the name of baltasar de la torre. de la torre’s hoped to find a route from cusco via the town of paucartambo to the jungles of madre de dios. he managed to reach the jungle but once there came into contact with one of the local tribes who with of their arrows soon put
happy eastern. and if you have a different religion (or you're not religious at all) just enjoy the music...
for those of you keeping track that is girls and boys in the household now. little adrienne danielle was absolutely beautiful today when we got to see her. cannot wait until she joins the rest of us
here are a few of the biscuits :)
assuming you have ignored my warning not to attempt this and you have been successful i.e you have steered away from a&e. your food may or may not look edible or even be edible avoid eating unless you are confident food is properly cooked. your cupboards are in danger of becoming disarrayed and your side may see more beans than your plate does.
with every project they create. because this is a paid position we expect
that attitude needs an aboutturn.
(and the chances for a miracle are about equal for either.)
mr dale originally called ken lived and worked in dumfries southwest scotland in the s.
she is like her mother in that most of her actions toward others are motivated by her own losses and gains but she has her father’s mildness. she reminds me of isabella in many ways.
i've mentioned chanticleer our attack rooster before. here he is strutting his stuff in front of the chicken run like he owns the place.
“leave for me a one word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your last name. it can only be one word. then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you.”
he knew as we all should that suffering precludes glory as we see in romans :. “if so be that we suffer with him that we may be also glorified together.” we see the similarity to timothy :. “if we suffer we shall also reign with him.”
in all thine anguish lay one truth to heart:
another when you want to shop share heal hurt joke or just be.
— show compassion for those who may be affected adversely by news coverage. use special sensitivity when dealing with children and inexperienced sources or subjects.
we tried this tapas style hue (city in the central vietnam) restaurant where our friend likes to go as well. we liked the beef with noodle (the one on the bottom right) the best. as you can see we have eaten most of it when i realized i hadn’t had a picture of it. some dishes are unique to the region and it was fun to try something new. we liked all the dishes. it’s a place to savor each delicate dish. the prices are higher than what you pay for street food or at more casual joints.
so came plan b which i think sawyer likes better anyhow i ordered two lego star wars characters from this shop in white and they came super fast and are awesome. if i ever need another lego character vinyl i know where to order i had everything ready and the vinyls arrived monday. they went immediately onto the wall and the room was photographed. are you ready to check it out? here is the view standing from his doorway....
proclamation no. classifies boracay into hectares of reserved forest land and . hectares of agricultural land. the proclamation likewise provides for a meter buffer zone on each side of the center line of roads and trails which are reserved for right of way and which shall form part of the area reserved for forest land protection purposes.
anything that puts pressure on the abdomen can weaken or damage these pelvic muscles. such conditions include pregnancy childbirth excess weight hormonal changes and aging.
skype dating is fun and nervewracking and i think i'll write an entire post on it soon which means...... i need to skype with more people. let's go on a date
loeffler spent the last four seasons as fran o’hanlon’s top assistant coach and has nine years of college coaching experience. he helped the leopards advance to the patriot league tournament final in and serving as a recruiting coordinator overseeing travel and budget and serving as the liaison with compliance and admissions.
i loved my indian blanket. ell oh vee eeed it. it was soft and warm and richly colored stitched with organically intricate precision. on saturday afternoons while my mother vacuumed i would create a pallet on the floor in my bedroom and curl up in it with a myriad of stuffed animals to take a nap. those were the best naps ever as far as childhood memories go.
“we know that the law is spiritual; but i am unspiritual sold as a slave to sin. i do not understand what i do. for what i want to do i do not do but what i hate i do. and if i do what i do not want to do i agree that the law is good. as it is it is no longer i myself who do it but it is sin living in me. i know that nothing good lives in me that is in my sinful nature. for i have the desire to do what is good but i cannot carry it out. for what i do is not the good i want to do; no the evil i do not want to do—this i keep on doing. now if i do what i do not want to do it is no longer i who do it but it is sin living in me that does it. so i find this law at work: when i want to do good evil is right there with me. for in my inner being i delight in god’s law; but i see another law at work in the members of my body waging war against the law of my mind and making me a prisoner of the law of sin at work within my members. what a wretched man i am who will rescue me from this body of death? thanks be to god—through jesus christ our lord”
this third person might be called common sense and we often forget about it in the battle for reality truth and right passions. it is the mediator or awareness or maybe the philosopher who sees both sides and shrugs his shoulders.
these came from my friend denise she has great stuff she shares
the anc was completely unskilled and inexperienced in any form of management let alone government. yet everyone cheered them because they seemed so nice so likeable. their bragging "sophisticated" appearance and their pretentious quasiintelligence bluffed the ignorant masses into believing they are capable and in control.
ross
 red onion chopped
the other week i made a batch of buttermilk scones that due to omission of a key ingredient on my part was an impressive failure (kind of like half baked home made play dough cakes). so i immediately set about making a second batch. they were a satisfying success.
to heck with the bad back i got up and headed toward them but he ran before i could get there with her in how pursuit he must have eluded her because i didnt see him again but she ran the circle of the house at least three times like she was after him but he was not there. he probably got up the stairs before she noticed thank goodness
the raspberries went really well with the cake and the tartness of the fruit cut the richness of the dessert perfectly. i hope everyone enjoyed it at the lunch good luck and best wishes to clayton with whom i've worked with for over years
it may be a combination of my ocd or the fact that i almost always feel overwhelmed but more than once a day it seems that i check my phone with the intentions of finding out the time only to realize a few short minutes later that i was not paying attention and did not in fact have a clue what time it was.
* – nationally televised game
there is something about the sound of the ink spots that sends me back... bizarrely it's back to an era that i don't even know but it's a cozy simpler time. there is something dreamy and comforting about bill kenny's incredible tenor voice and the way it contrasts beautifully with orville jones' deep bass vocals. listening to them also reminds me of 'old skool' sundays when nothing was open sitting around the house listening to programmes like family favourites on bbc radio 
i was debating what to blog about today and i realised that i’m happiest blogging about blushers so here’s one of my recent favorites. i got this from my japan haul earlier this year but due to my immense backlog of blushers to use i tried it only a couple of times before moving on to something new. but recently i’ve been going back to this quite often so it’s about time to do a dedicated post.
for the tadkaempering
chocolate chip cookie dough brownies people...
brownell svetlova and nichols () concluded that children (by age ) will share if a) it doesn’t cost them anything and b) if the desire is expressed; children under the age of two are more “selfconcerned” (p.).
the giveaway on this blog is for your choice of
producer : p.uday shankar
 hairy
i mentioned sei shonagon in my last post. the more i think on it she has a greater claim than anyone to be the pioneer of the blog and so she should be canonised elevated to sainthood. who’s in charge here? get a move on saint shonagon. where would we build her shrine? online of course. all blog writers could then ritually ‘poke’ her in facebook speak (though it seems intolerably vulgar and rude).
hill earned $ a month for his union work and was permitted to write checks to himself for expenditures he made on behalf of the union. he was secretarytreasurer from about to march when he resigned.
there is no objective evidence of the financial effect of red tape although there are estimates. the british chamber of commerce argues that the current raft of health and safety regulations ‘distracts businesses from driving economic growth and creating employment.’
where the wild things are trivia
that these brothers lied to you jack”
granted there aren't a lot of browncolored people in hockey and not too terribly many in those freakishly cold and godforsaken countries (e.g. canada russia). i suspect a good reason for this is that browncolored people are smart enough to realize that the cold and ice are not aphrodisiacs and any countries where winter is defined as “not july” are not worth living in. but seriously – i can't respect a sport where a s sentiment is not atypical.
more worrisome is that the blatant discrimination is merely the tip of a very large iceberg of unimaginable proportions of corruption and abuse.
when he walked in the door he had a burger king bag in his hand and i blew a gasket. no i didn't yell at him ... i wasn't mad. i bawled. big giant crocodile tears. total hysteria. you would have thought i had just lost my best friend. he didn't understand what the big deal was *rolls eyes* but as far as i was concerned the world was coming to an end.
notice i didn’t mention pintrest or linkedin or google+. after completing the mission statement i realized i’d rather hone in on facebook and twitter for now.
here are the lessons learned; i hope you can use them for any location.
my twilight zone my dr. who my personal wormhole burrowing through space and time. the faithful friend my arch nemesis. the sadistic personal trainer. my cordless power tool. my thornless rose garden. my punishment my reward. my paradise my prison. the habit i can’t kick the dangerous affair that i can’t end.
i read because i have friends who don't and young though they are they're beginning to run out of material;
horse gored by bull
les deux yeux lui tournent dans la tête
rather than striping the pastry bag add previously colored icing (several colors) into a bag at the same time.
the poet walt whitman said “every moment of light and dark is a miracle.” he was right everything is a miracle a gift from god and the moment we rediscover and embrace this truth the smoother life will be. i am not saying that is easy or we should be happy when we are in pain or darkness has over taken us. that would be dumb and you should ignore me. i know life can be hard harsh and terrible. often it seems life is suffering. evil things happen. chaos ensues. yet i don’t think dwelling on the bad will ever make us feel better. we are called to serve our neighbor to speak truth in tragedy and to do good. if we dwell on the bad that is flung at us than we cripple ourselves from serving speaking and doing good but if we can step beyond our little selves than we can do good.
. citybuoy i was impressed by the unpretentiousness of his posts coupled with excellent writing skills. a rare combination indeed. also smart boys have a special appeal for me and nyl already knows or if he doesn't yet he sure hell knows now that i would like to fuck his brains out.
so the thought of wr holder bolt taking on the up and coming dix on what has become meter mecca was like visions of sugar plums dancing in my head. but it would appear that upon dix’ completion of his race in eugene he joined the ranks of the truly elite and now the big (bolt gay powell) has become a big . at least it looks that way because the big don’t race often and dix now seems to be one to avoid judging by the events of the days since pre.
i have taken to writing actual lists because i'm afraid the mental lists will be adulterated what with all the visual distractions and the insidious ravages of aging. and i've been keeping these lists on the stickies features of my mactop. the application creates what looks like postit notes and you can assign different colors and fonts and font sizes to different notes as you organize them by importance. right now the sticky note that is front and center is blue large and filled with big bold type. these are the things i need to do in the immediate feature as opposed to the other notes that are just for occasional reference—the cost of the shirts i'll be ordering for the community band our wifi network password and a recipe for a bleachcleaning solution for the dog's potty area (it's astro turf and can get pretty rank in the blazing heat not that we've had blazing heat lately i say as the bitter wind whips through the chimney and howls like a wolf and snow is pelting the northeastern part of america during the last week of april. the last week of april i repeat because i warned people this would be happening and i don't think anyone believed me certainly not the pool people who wanted to open early on account of the "early spring").
*weight control:* fruits help you in losing weight by satisfying
i did change a couple of things. for the eyes i added googlie eyes because i lost the eyes i punched lol oops i know.
in addition to the foregoing general objections plaintiff objects to request no. on the grounds that it is overbroad unduly burdensome intentionally designed to harass mr. robertson and calls for information that is not relevant to any claim or defense of any party.
mashtun rakes single arm type 'these i found practically useless and very dirty around centre and stuffing box and have had them removed.'
i think the best summation for this topic is found in cor. (nkjv). i believe that this is the perfect recipe for a successful marriage
i've given you wisdom. (i corinthians :)
charlie pace’s drive shaft ring: $
every second to tick by
 fear
eg and tony: don’t tell mrs. guapo
liam went for a neon orange 'mohorn' as he calls it (and i don't want to correct him just yet) i won't be surprised if it still looks like that when i pick him up the amount of hair gel hairspray and hair colour that went in to that hair could sink a ship
once i have the children in small groups i try to show the children the relationship that many of the letter sounds have to the letter names. for example the sound of the m and its letter name have a definite connection so these letters will be easier for them to learn. the “sounds to letters” song on the singable songs for letters and sounds cdvd is also useful for establishing this connection.
another attempt at a world’s largest but a different category than a claw game an iphone controlled game. hyundai setup a huge iphone controlled game at buzzing times square new york on a huge billboard. what i liked about this particular activity was that it involved the users to register and download an app to play the game. hyundai provided wifi at times square to connect users to play the game. this is a great opportunity to capture data of the people playing the game and use it for followups later on.
around trees
when american kids are falling behind the rest of the industrialized world in math and science it's sad.
this post is not what you expect. it's not going to waffle on about the advantages or disadvantages of ebooks and apps or digital rights. there's enough of that out there already. instead i am going to tell you what digital really means. there is a lot of mystification going on some deliberate and some just the result of extensive ignorance.
however the bunnies now have a double glazed window in the back of their hutch and the light makes it a much better place to be. they can see where they're going now.
contact me by email at
in response angry mps accused the police management of lying to them during previous meetings.
june rd november th 
right now we’re going to hold it all together as best we can by the grace of god. god has given us a platform a footing with university students that we cannot relinquish. it’s been a gift of god that somehow we have had the favor to gather people and propel them out for god’s kingdom agenda around the world. passion will be back in atlanta. we’re expecting somewhere between and university students here from around the world.
on my machine it goes from but i only ever roll it to .
ladies and gentlemen i give you eduardo…..
occasionally i bring lunch for my kids in school. i love observing the children in school especially the little ones. it is even more fun to watch the young ones at the beginning of the year. watching them struggle with breaking a hard boiled egg shows me the independence that a child learns away from home in big school for the first time. it is quite a wonder to watch them really.
while that might suggest race and ethnicity are no longer important when it comes to targeting a young socially savvy consumer that’s not exactly true.
just a misdemeanor
while there is any number of great shorter “songs” on any of the aforementioned releases they are dominated by piercing lead guitar work longer instrumental passages and watery keyboardrgan fills. psychedelic might mean grateful deaduicksilver messenger service to some to nick it is a hyperextension of what jimi hendrix was doing. he layers plenty of raw guitars that explode out of the studio speakers no time limit as to when the lava will stop flowing off his fret board. the problem with trying to classify his output is that you have such ultrapop gems like “lights are changing” (triptych) on the same cd with the : long “tangerine infringement beak”. let’s not split hairs saloman will always be a stylistically divergent cat. remember that a maps job is to get you close to where you want to be.
the fire in the background
i all so did habbs some itty bitty bumpies what are coming and going and dogtor mark look at them all. he say they are 'pustular dermatitis' what are resolving their own self.
. looked around on rei for reviews. the timex ironman got pretty decent reviews so that stayed on my radar in addition to the garmin forerunners. i decided that i wanted something simple and without too many functions (examples: gpsenabled altimeter mapping capabilities on the watch wireless connectivity) so i eliminated the and above.
the technicalities of broadcasting have resulted in broadcast signals being available beyond the remit of the copyrights the broadcaster has bought since broadcasting first began. in the days of analogue terrestrial television it was possible to pick up uk tv in parts of holland and northern france. as the people picking up these signals were few in number and private individuals not engaged in a commercial activity (dutch bars never picked up on the exciting commercial possibilities of showing eastenders) it was never considered an issue worth pursuing. why would a copyright holder of a hollywood movie that sold the rights to the bbc for broadcast in the uk have much of a problem with a few hundred other people watching it considering the costs and legal issues involved?
for more of bryce dessner on the most important albums of his life check out the new march issue of uncut out january .
it used to be that the purging of items happened during a move to a new house. i haven't moved in over years. so i must start evaluating items again. the next nondiving weekend will see me ripping through the house to get rid of stuff again.
cool and umould onto a wire rack.
try to think back to yesterday and see if you can recall everything you ate and drank. every little taste bite snack or sip that crossed your lips. chances are you’d probably forget an item or two and most likely underestimate what you consumed. that’s pretty normal in today’s society where we’re constantly eating on the go or dining with distractions. seldom do we sit down at a table and spend minutes solely focused on enjoying our meals without the t.v. computer tablet phone or road diverting our attention.
the presentation also has a redacted affidavit from a + year
wales did not however vote for the current tory lead government that is causing most of the current problems.
not only is noah’s ark the largest zoo in the south west of england but it also allows big zoo animals to roam within large territories in more than acres of pristine countryside. noah’s ark is famous for south west attractions as there are lions tigers giraffes and rhinos massive indoor play areas and also tractor rides and a petting zoo.
okay so there's not time or room enough to highlight everyone in one post. i have learned something though. everyone is a character. we just need to look and listen and and pay attention to them. what makes them interesting? what is it about this person that makes me want to smile when i am around them? why does the hair on my arms stand up when i stand next to that person? how can i create characters in my stories that create these kinds of emotions for my readers? what do you do? do you base your characters on people you know?
*add more powdered sugar if needed. the icing should not be too thin but it should fall reading from a spoon or be a pouring consistency.
i just need to give it time.
if at any point in the last hours you found yourself narrowly avoiding a collision with a formula can (or breast pump) moving at mach speed past your head you are a new father. congratulations welcome to the miraculous and joyfilled game of parenthood.
i did all the flowers myself. i stopped by sam's and seriously bought them out of white flowers. then i looked for anything "plum"...and then picked up a few green stems greenery and baby's breath. i think i spent about $ all together and i was able to make mini arrangements for the head table a large arrangement for the food table and more "small" arrangements for the guest tables...i also make tussy mussy bouquets that went down the center aisle in the sanctuary. (i wasn't in the ceremony so i don't have any pictures yet. boo. i made of the tussy mussies (paper cones with a ribbon handle)...i'll have to do a post on them when i get some pictures from the photographer.)
when palin’s map became an issue rep. chris van hollen leader of the democratic congressional campaign committee (dccc) rushed on msnbc to denounce it telling chris matthews:
it's interesting to note that i was not raised like this even remotely. not that i was abused or anything like that but i can recall many many more times that i was spoken to disrespectfully as a small child and even an older child than respectfully. i don't have to go in to it here but suffice to say although we had a culture of love and affection we did not have a culture of respect and kindness. i was ridiculed told directly and indirectly that i didn't know what i was feeling shamed the works. in my family of origin fear and shame were the great motivators. but you know that can only get someone so far.
as i explained above the rich and the ruling class do not share the same interests as the poorest in society and the workers the working class’s if you like. the workers wish to improve their life their pay conditions and living standards all the time while the rich % look to hang on to their wealth and only look to invest when they can see a profit opportunity and increasing their already vast wealth’s.
have i got that right? i think i do. so let’s deconstruct these premises and demonstrate why this everso popular argument is really just another lazy uncritical decontextualized factuallydeficient and hypocritical canard.
in order to maintain the necessary continuity for my new phase of regular and responsive blogging here is a quick summary of what has been happening in my life during these recent days of radio silence.
“but you haven’t finished your burger . . .”
the draenei thrust the reins of the horses at creme. “hold these.” creme did so and watched as brulee pulled the packs off of willow and found one of the stakes that was in the packs along with a hammer. she deftly struck the stake into the ground and then held out her hand to creme for the reins again. creme led the horses to her and she tied them to the stake.
a) gm (nett wt.) sweet potatoes steamed and smashed
ye gods
days i did my morning pages: 
after about a week and a half of not sleeping well i’ve had two nights in a row of solid sleep. let’s all remember how important sleep is – not only because it does a body good but also because it helps hold crazy at bay. there’s a diference between not getting enough sleep and not needing sleep. when i don’t get good sleep and i feel like i don’t need it – that’s when i worry. this has been different… it’s more along the lines of not being able to get comfortable. or y’know entering the third trimester of pregnancy. either way sleep has been lovely.
and if you're a believer and you pray lift one up for randy and his pretty blonde sally fields looking wife. i think they need them.
chicago
pearls recollections
. interlude
i am that mom who after all is said and done is often caught off guard by how fast those emotions can come and go.
in the summer of ms blais was sentenced not to jail but to a year in a community residential centre and she was hired as a representativea sort of role modelby montreal's autism society as promised by ms lahaie.
now there are many things i could be accused of. being slightly animal crackers is definitely one of them. however i am not blind to my animal's faults. so as much as i adore our puppy i know full well that he is a wolf in spaniel's clothing and given half a chance would scoff my chickens for a laugh. so you can imagine my horror when the little demon worked out how to open the back door when the girls were free ranging yesterday.
. “the best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.” – linus pauling
i continue to long for the day
here’s a couple of short videos i made on my ipad with the help of my wonderful friend carmen. i’m demonstrating viva decor inkagold cream paints which i just love while carmen is holding the ipad.
i tore a page from an old book and distressed it with di's. the main image which is from the flower market stamp set was masked off using a post it note then stamped over with the music stamp from the artistic outpost ephemeral backgrounds stamp set. i then cut it out using a nestability watercoloured the image using reinkers and then blended more di around the edge.
. remember that justice commands you to love one that has forsaken all the world for you. one who is contented to be the companion of your labours and sufferings and be a sharer in all things with you and that must be your companion until death. ()
mcmahan of plough court broomfield was arrested and failed a breathalyser test giving a reading of microgrammes of alcohol in ml of breath – the legal limit is just .
manuela (no label)
the plotting scene is one of silent cinema’s most famous. in one tremendous tracking shot murnau’s camera captures then pulls ahead of the skulking man winding its way past the trees of a swamp and we know—instinctively i think—that the man is following us. that the camera never stops or even shudders along its path is important. it makes the journey from a to b inexorable. we reach the waiting woman before the man does and when he does show up seconds later we feel he was bound to do so.
sleep will disperse into its associated threads. but don’t wake up just yet.
i feel so blessed to have the life i have. i have had a couple of those "pause and reflect" moments today where i have realized how lucky i am to be married to ammon and to be the mother of these amazing kids. i love being able to just stop and play with them or sit down and snuggle them. that is my most important role right now and i want to enjoy every minute of it.
now i've had it up to here
) remove cake from oven when done. pour topping on cake while it is still hot. yield: loaf.
the only major issue i have with this movie is its length. after trailers you spend about hours in the theater. that is a little ridiculous. but since i can’t imagine them cutting any of the scenes out i’ll let it slide.
on the afternoon of thursday may the cornell community is invited to attend a lecture “practical approaches to law and diplomacy – a brief tour from cornell to thailand to the united nations” by her royal highness princess bajrakitiyabha mahidol of thailand ll.m. ’ j.s.d.’. the princess returns to her alma mater accompanied by a delegation from the thai bar and the us royal thai embassy including fellow cornell law alum kittipong kittayarak ll.m.’ permanent secretary of thailand’s ministry of justice.
this is where i need to solicit your thoughts. i know the blogrolls are very important to many readers. today the items in the right column are organized like this:
i need more colour in my home. something i am working on.
luckily davao city mayor inday sara duterte is one of the nominees.
five facts:
definitely other gulf monarchies can hardly be called exemplary democracies. but it’s ok with the u.s. when it comes to protecting them against iran.
in any case as i made it home at the very steady pace of nearly minute miles i felt good.
 onion diced medium
by some amazing formula
they spend their day’s looking for the weak soul’s to corrupt and taint just so they dont feel alone.
wilderness center summer days
you can taste the bright lights
less guns more tools. less fools more learn.
pam@cdc
orkney is a small group of islands off scotland. home of thorfin hausakluif (skullsplitter) the th viking earl of orkney ad.
we will all be fined."
however there are two sides to nonduality. one side consists of the shedding of excessive action — drinking drugs too much partying all our addictions and selfindulgent habits — and the shifting of attention from outward distractions to a realization of one’s nature as i am. it is this side of nonduality that would be most useful to most people.
musée d'art contemporain de montréal…
. when dick gibson was a little boy he was not dick gibson. —stanley elkin the dick gibson show ()
expense of big beers you extreme crybabies; everyone's gaining) and the whole idea of a loweralcohol higherflavor beer is gaining momentum. why not? because some people think it should cost less? news for you: thousands of cans sold disagree with you. i do think we'll have to have this pricing issue out one of these days but the people have spoken for now: they're willing to pay for flavor even if a smaller group
i mean yes if she told me my ass looked like the cheesy side of mars when i still had two games to go more times bending over at the foul line it would have thrown me. there’s a timing issue involved.
in case you missed out on this story the may day rally in kuala lumpur was carried out in a peaceful and orderly manner last tuesday.
two months of the year (say january and july) i swap with someone in paris. ideally in the eme eme eme or eme.
it is a god given design made to frame beauty
yet another thing to try and figure out i suppose. and like everything else there is an answer somewhere hidden between the layers.
alright so maybe ‘hair mask’ is a little deceiving. perhaps i should just say ‘treatment’ although you do use the coconut as a mask… okay editor decision – coconut hair mask treatment ta da
and very comfortable.
so i was challenged to spend some team bucks (it’s like canadian tire money only it just to purchase teambuys through the teambuy.ca website) on some of the promotions on their website.
we hit the fabric store again and she found a pattern that alleged to be "very easy" but required darts and gathers. i began to hyperventilate at the idea of sewing darts and gathers when i had a hour timeline. she saw the panic on my face and decided we should skip it.
i also used one of the same chargers that i have on the breakfast table and a set of matching coasters. kind of gives the room a tropical look with the rush seats of the benches showing through the glass top of the table.
at that point i’ll be down to product a day and at about calories.
the details are that end station b is one of the large concrete buildings on the slac site that was used for electron scattering experiments (electrons from the accelerator hit a target inside the building and are scattered into a detector). it produced the first experimental evidence of the quark model of the nucleus which was awarded a nobel way back when (in end station a but that is a different story). it has been underutilized in recent years. i’ve been retired from the facility for a few years but have a real fondness for the place. the ledge where these owls hung out is about ~ feet off the ground and inaccessible to cats and other predators. in one of the articles it was mentioned that the owls wouldn’t make their own nest but would appropriate a raven nest that was already there.
on saturday night i went to see mom perform in the clarkson choir. it is the same choir that i was in last year but felt too sick to go to rehearsals in january february and march so i didn't join this year. i was looking forward to going and hearing the music but i was also really looking forward to going there and seeing the other choir members with my big belly. rita who is one of the producers saw me in the bathroom grabbed my hand and hugged me and asked questions and asked me to "please please please" tell her when the baby is born. she has been asking about me since january and i think she knows my history. it was a really nice moment.
but the clue to british gps is in the name. they are general practitioners. byandlarge they know a little about a lot but and a lot about nothing: they are (now) highlypaid generalists not specialists; their job is to filter out all but the most serious cases.
the bars restaurants discos and strip bars begin to open in abundance at around four o’clock. the bars are of every persuasion to suit every niche market.
. seen a total eclipse
hope everyone had a merry christmas and here’s to a blessed new year
his sister mrs van der merwe who lived next door to mr verwey at the same site said her friend j h potgieter woke up when he heard her brother call out for his sister shouting “netta help’ her friend went to the house looked through the window and saw her injured brother bent over at the window. he feared that the attacker was still in the house so he grabbed a garden shovel and rushed over. “by that time my brother was sitting on a chair and was calling for me to bring the car to take him to hospital’. however her brother died enroute in the car and was declared dead on arrival at the humansdorp hospital.
this week we hope to help get you digging thru your stash for all things feminine or girly or any type of mother's day card whether you indulge your penchant for pink or go a different route as long as it fits the general theme it's all good
similarities:
the book of jonah in the old testament is quite short but jonah's story is similar to an allegory (not to be mistaken as a parable as told by jesus) in that we can draw from his actual experiences. the story goes like this (from chapter briefs): jonah is sent to call nineveh to repentance. he flees on a ship is cast into the sea and is swallowed by a great fish. jonah prays to the lord and the fish vomits him out on dry ground. jonah prophesies the downfall of nineveh. the people repent and the city is saved. jonah is displeased with the lord for his mercy upon the people. the lord rebukes him.
usually i try to persuade people to visit us in may or october since i think that the august landscape is comparatively dull; a uniform tired green rather than the fresh colours of spring and the tawny glow of autumn. as we carried on up into the hills however we found ourselves in amongst the heather in full bloom. from a distance it looks fairly muted but up close it is quite a startling magenta: the sort of colour you get in postcards from the seventies that were surely touched up except…perhaps they weren’t? heather really is that purple even in the inevitable shower that swept over us just as we stopped to pick a bunch for our friend’s children in copenhagen.
and to try
potential dangers
peter randall page had been invited to show work at the octagon chapel – a fantastic venue as i have said before. an exhibition of both his drawings and sculptures. the drawings were large and on thick textilelike watercolour paper or fabric canvas in pencil and charcoal. dark expressive structural evoking natural forms. the sculptures were between hard and softhard stone yet carved to a smooth cushionlike finish. a very good use of the space.
one of the big dangers is that one admits to guilt but there is not change. repentance demands a change. david repentance drives him away from his selfishness. john the baptist tried to explain this when he preached on repentance in luke :. penance simply says i am guilty and i will start doing good works. repentance says there is no excuse i am sinful to the core but i will throw myself own god’s mercy and begin to live as he commands “to love the lord my god with all my heart and my neighbor as myself.”
a asocial rustning är mord
given wolstencroft’s track record for challenging cinema it’s not surprising he’s a oneman production machine directing muff later in the year and participating in numerous film projects. “i’m making my new film the second coming which is an adaption of a poem by william butler yates and…i’ve got my new film the beautiful and the damned…that’ll be coming out later in the year on dvd.”
the conversation went something like this:
we're having coffee.
this week and next at observatory hope to see you there.
he worked for the auction network and did redcarpet coverage of the oscar’s for oscar.com.
in that spirit let me add to the mentions of shale.
i did however finish the bird mobile so at least i did something this week. it’s currently hanging on our kitchen light until i can relocate it to its permanent place in the nursery (above the changing table).
 noses
i never thought much about military types and when i did it was not good. my assumption was that they were less intelligent than i was and far more prone to senseless violence. my parent’s moderate social and environmental activism had inadvertently bred in me the idea i was above warlike behavior despite the fact that my father had served in the army himself before going to college.
nick drake pink moon 
it's the demagogic politics of bread and circuses. when a polity is dominated by the politics of purely emotional appeal and almost nowhere has been immune to it these democratic shortcomings lead to suboptimal government. vote stupid? pay later
the second time i went through the line i decided to get the guys to sign my authentic cap. i was hoping they'd still have some of their cards they brought to sign (so i could trade a few) but they were out so i settled on getting the cap signed.
clearly technology is bent on destroying us.
“the lost language” david h. keller md – the son of a wealthy family refuses to communicate in anything other than a strange series of written symbols. only his sister is able to reach him.
you can still kiss our ass.
tggits '
ratner has promised to affordable forsale units on or offsite though the plans released last week give no indication that they would be onsite. if the developer builds the maximum affordable condos offsite that would make .% of the entire project's residential units affordable. if units were built the percentage would be .%. that's not percent.
it was a smart play to draw up to lead the defense in to thinking james was going to take the last shot. but come on now. it is time for lebron to put all the criticism in the closest and finally close out a game.
after a two week planning period it was time for general s. musselman to send her troops into battle. armed with a forky weeding thing in hand and a large bucket to collect the casualties at her side she was ready for a quick ‘howto pull weeds’ lesson from commanderinchief m. musselman.
a worried woman went to her gynecologist and said:
as fourpiece the group cut the monsterselling in agaddadavida set later in that album staying on the u.s. album charts for more than two years and becoming one of the largestgrossing rock albums of all time. it was also reputedly the first ever rock group album to achieve platinum status.
first off my premise for dealing with the world and other human beings is based on two ethical teachings both being expressed by the jewish rabbi hillel z”l though at least one of them (known in differing forms by the name of “the golden rule”) has been expressed by other spiritual teachers as well.
she is such a great blogger. she loves to craft and post aboutit. she also loves to show off the swaps she is in. so i invite you on over to check her blog out and get to know her a little better.
back to outfit posts.
½ cup raw liquid honey (vegans use maple syrup)
free henry – : p.m. mr. goodbar
floyd joins justin blackmon and kendall wright as the rd wr the panthers have had visit as they have now spent three of their allotted visits on the receiver position. while that may seem like a drop in the bucket those thirty visits are spread across all prospects so investing a high portion of them in receivers who could be available at # is telling.
elaine stritch (september)
federal united nations (un) chosen mastersowers in charge: we will
fukuda is a phenomenal writer and i loved how he created this story using traditional vampire lore changing a few aspects to make his story work but holding true to the main ideas: sunlight can kill human blood is for drinking excessive speed is a must though changing a few other traditions such as looks—not all vampires are perfect or beautiful by any means. i liked this aspect; it gave the vampires a more human quality though they are vastly different based on the ways they interact with one another.
this is one of my cards from the card creations get inspired issue the inspiration photo was a stack of older vintagey styled postcards. i don't do vintage very well... so i did clean vintage ;) this card uses several unity stamps vintage post card and the sentiments are from another kit (which i can't find on the websitesorry) the dies are from spellbinders s large labels.
vietnam had become as michael arlen puts it in a wall panel "the central fact of american life the force that was changing shape beneath everything else in that period. "
ziggy
my high school class has a core bunch of folks that have always been tight. we keep in touch over the years. i have to admit i love that bunch and its nice to feel that comfort of seeing old friends. there are some that…over the years have just…..disappeared. we spent years together and for whatever reason they haven’t kept in contact with anyone. ….no one……just…....gone. friendship? fail.
so if all dramatic art is essentially just a sex scene what's the difference between eroticism and pornography?
yarn embroidery floss bakers twine or even jute
do you listen to any contemporary christian music? are you a fan? who are some of your favorite artists? if you don't like contemporary christian music why not? do you think that christian artists are genuine in their missions or do you think they are just in it for the money and recognition?
while not quite in the same as the sparkle event there's the summer party next week at chams. i'm looking forward to that and with a bit of luck the weather will remain cool and it'll be a good one. stuff to look forward to eh?
 i was clearing a backlog: of these are library books but the rest are review copies. none from my shelves this month.
about peeled raw king prawns defrosted if frozen
in a statistical analysis written up a few years ago in the journal democratization i found that countries belonging to the world trade organization (wto) or its predecessor the gatt were more likely to attempt and sustain democratic government than ones that did not. by contrast i found no such “boost” from participation in global or regional humanrights treaty regimes. this wto effect showed up in models that also included a measure of trade openness suggesting that the increased trade flows that membership is supposed to produce were not the source of the association. the statistical analysis wasn’t properly designed to identify a causal relationship but i speculated that the wto effect had to do with institutional and organizational changes it spurred within countries seeking to join:
when my eldest son was little i’d pick him up from playgroup and we’d walked happily home discussing what had happened that day what we were going to do or where we were going to go or the many adventures of superman.
this week please welcome christine fonseca to the blog. she is the queen of conveying emotion. her novella dies irae is both powerful and dynamic. i won't say anymore and just let the weeklong interview with christine speak for her and her works. since no party is complete without a giveaway make sure to come back on friday.
say that they were snotty they weren’t. nobody had hightech security systems; they trusted their
meanwhile i have been adding an applied icord edging to this throw. it is knitted from scraps of sock yarns from the idea on masondixon knitting. i had never tried the icord edging before but it made a neat finish. one of those mindless repetitive tasks in which knitting induces a meditative trance.
kg weyermanns pilsener malt
worn
(wedigboats we dig boats. get it?)
there is a linkage between u.s. foreign and immigration policy that is detrimental to our interest (check out the connection between the rockefellers and the american foreign policy establishment through organizations like the council on foreign relations and the trilateral commission) the systematic robbery of the american people by wall street bankers through the federal reserve bank and the bankrupting of the federal and state governments. this linkage betrays an agenda that seeks a global concentration of power and wealth. these linkages are public record and are easily verifiable.
so like those damn jews in the days of yore who killed jesus and ruined the ability of some folks to properly express their faith rain completely fucked with my sunday.
stone axe – ii
the children's book everyone poops which documents the pooping styles and sizes of a range of animals and a little boy did not get the greatest critical reception. publishers weekly said: "okay so everyone does it–does everyone have to talk about it? true kids... may find it riveting but their parents may not want to read to them about it... call it what you will by euphemism or by expletive poop by any name seems an unsuitable picture book subject." don't ask don't tell seems to be the dominant ideology when it comes to poop. according to one grateful reader the book helped her child "realize that pooping was normal" which is great but it also suggests that the default belief is that pooping is somehow abnormal and shameful.
 rex griffin the last letter :
snap shots are one of most rewarding and irritating events in photography. allow me to explain.
for someone like you to remain so sure
we offer him the option of choosing whatever he wants to have for dinner and dessert for the evening. his choice? "grilled cheese sandwiches and can i make them?" we have a panini maker. i think that he can make them on there easily enough. with supervision of course. so that is the plan for tomorrow night. natty's "reward" for his thoughtfulness and unselfishness on a saturday morning is to make grilled cheese sandwiches for the family for sunday dinner. and so therefore that is why i had to do another shameless brag about this child
great i thought lightin' up a smoke.
. do you consider yourself a speed reader?
i just love how the marshmallow fluff breaks through the chocolate
other amounts received tax free from the policy exceed the aggregate premiums that the client has paid into the policy. although as noted dividends are not guaranteed they are paid at the end of the policy year and may be used to purchase paidup insurance sometimes referred to as additional insurance.
. knit and sew and learn to crochet
a deep breath
love brings to light the high and the hidden characteristics of the person who loves—what is rare and exceptional about him: to that extent it easily misleads us about what is normal in him.
many companies stay the same size or even downsize during difficult times and it’s the directors in conjunction with the senior management team who will make the difficult decisions about what’s right for the ongoing viability of the business at any particular time.
well tonight i was spoilt for choice what i wanted to colour. i sorted out my room so i've got some space to craft opened my promarkers box and little fingers have been there and rearranged them aaaargh spent half hour putting them back in order and got scribbling on this one which is a new digi by hannah lynn from crafts and me.
pernik: for giving it a shot
this is why i also never talk about animal cruelty issues like foie gras (i just ate that today wtf) or people torturing kittensuppies.
but to lounge in the sweet fact that it took breath
i can get tickets for carmen on tap once they start actually advertising them (closer to july when the next show runs) and take my girlfriend out for a fabulous evening. (there will be primping. oh yes. there will be primping).
i can't wait to get down and dirty with these babies in my kitchen ben has been eyeing them since i opened the package and i keep expecting to walk into the kitchen and find him guiltily grating and zesting his heart out. i'm so glad i got these and i know they will be used frequently. they are great quality so i know they'll be around for a long long time. i would absolutely recommend these to anyone looking for a zester the shape and size makes these so easy to use plus it's super fun that some of them have color options for the handles who doesn't like to accessorize in their kitchen? you can find them here at the csn kitchen store
social media case studies are incredibly valuable if you can learn how and why social media worked in that particular instance and apply that lesson to your own efforts. otherwise you'll always be chasing the 'next big thing' and never quite catch it.
what is mysticism? how is it different to spirituality? and why is mysticism important at this moment in time?
an audience of approximately also heard an opening set by susanna wallumrod. she and her twopiece band sounded like tori amos on a terje rypdal jag. this cover of thin lizzy's "jailbreak" wasn't on the set list but it captures her sensibility. wallumrod's music isn't my thing (at all) but i fully embrace the concept of jazz acts being featured on compatible crossgenre double bills.
her great talent gives me hope because i too was born without fingers on my right hand. i had grown up assuming most two handed instruments were off limits because of my ‘disability.’ i played the trumpet for a short while in elementary less than enjoying being the only girl in a group of boys who mostly liked to blow spit from their instruments. soon after i quit it so i could have more time playing on the various sport teams. basketball softball volleyball they never proved an issue for this one handed wonder. i excelled in each all through grade school by the grace of god and my father’s athletic genes. but music? music would be the unattainable world that i longed from a distance to explore. i can chuckle at the thought but it has honestly taken almost all my years to grasp the hope this one video has given me.
tine vs. the berger....goes to tine. these are phenomenal treats but i realize the danger they pose. i am willing to run the extra two miles just to indulge in two of these scrumptious delicacies. the berger is definitely something every marylander should experience but heed my warning...just buy one pack at a time. at calories a pop they are a spare tire just waiting to happen.
"if a serving senior federal court judge who presided in teoh's rci can be ignored by the ag then what is the weight of the recommendations by hanif (left) or shim to him?"
i got up from my desk i could feel evey ones eyes staring at my back as i walked out the door and down to the boys room. i tried my best to wash myself off and i must have been there for a while because when i walked out i could see my mom talking with the nun outside the classroom. my little sister isabel was there too just sitting in her stroller staring at the nun. we left early that day and as we walked along fort hamilton parkway towards east th the church bells started ringing.
there are many entertainment magazines in the uk but i decided to select heatworld (the online partner with heat magazine) as an option on my poll due to it’s large online presence on social networking sites such as twitter. its website is also very well established and is updated regularly. however only % of the participants on my blog use it as their main source of entertainment news. this could be because of the range of other websites online or because of the competitive market within entertainment magazines and other options may be available.
this book is why i started blogging... to save the memories.
we have martin and sarah this afternoon with baby liliya...perhaps they'll distract me sufficiently to be able to recall my first thoughts and feelings of today.
i still find myself a little bit crazy for volunteering to take on such a feat as the youth group but i realize that they’re worth it. trust me in the last week i’ve had some freakouts about things like in particular the hour famine. i’m finding that i’m really bad at event planning. is there a class on this somewhere? i even wanted to give up but there’s something that won’t let me give up and i think it has a lot to do with my passion for the teens at my church. i can’t give up on them. that and i got the hour famine box the other day which renewed my strength that yes i can do this somehow some way.
and of course in reality i’ve never fallen off any train platforms. nor have i ever been pushed down the stairs. and thus far i haven’t sustained any serious injuries from a stubbed toe and neither have i found myself any clumsier for being pregnant (at least as far as i know) but i think that i’ve gotten incredibly paranoid – as evidenced by my ridiculously realistic imaginings of the business man behind me rushing forward and pushing me down trampling me in his mad dash (to get where i’m not sure) and leaving me lying there alone and in pain.
today at marie's we sealed the corners and cracks in the pantry. marie's been putting it off. that's the point of this extended visit. i'm helping her do some projects and she'll spend a week with me later this summer helping me with some projects. it wasn't really bad with two people. she mixed the goop which had to be done in small batches because it sets up in about five minutes and i troweled it into the spaces.
it was heartbreaking to get the call from the bride telling me the wedding was moving indoors. she sounded so sad. i could tell that the dream of her outdoor wedding was gone. but it was also a relief that i wouldn't have to wear mittens while playing or bundle up or worry about the harp getting rained on going out of tune or breaking strings because of the weather.
i really do need to get this presentation finished up. it's supposed to be in the 's today and i have a run date with my aunt this afternoon. i would like to not have to do anything this evening that has to do with school so i must get to work. tomorrow marks the final night for this current class...and i will officially be halfway done with my program
but even if the preds fall in game i have newfound respect for the organization of the nashville predators. most team would let their players off with a warning and let them play but nashville has decided to take the path less traveled and go against the grain.
it’s been reported that becoming disabled is like walking into a wall. you’ve been healthy your entire life except for a few sprains cuts and bruises. you never realized how your good health had added to your sense of wellbeing. you also never stopped to appreciate the value of a steady paycheck. but now it has all ended.
they also had this printed on the front of a thong. just fyi.
i always thought valentine was for lovers & couples.
) best lgbt relationship?
i decided that even with their warnings i still wanted to try and live in canjayar. i began asking around if anyone knew if there were people looking for roommates or apartments to rent. it was a bit of an adventure. i asked and one place and they told me to go with someone to ask someone else who might have an apartment to rent. i did that and i met domingo who is possibly the cutest old man ever. he put my hands in his gave me two kisses on the cheek and welcomed me to canjayar. then began our attempt to communicate. i thought i was understanding him and then it was obvious i wasn’t. he was at a class and in came in his teacher to tell me that she offered a spanish classes. i started asking her if she knew anything about people looking for room mates because that is what i thought she was talking about. anyway i met domingo and his daughter who lives in an apartment on the top floor of the town hall and had an apartment to rent. well not an apartment as much as a house. it wouldn’t have worked because i would have had to live alone. this became the big problem there was no one who needed a room mate. after an afternoon of looking and asking around it was obvious that there wasn’t anything. i had to be in almeria the next morning for an orientation meeting so i rode with another teacher to the city. i stayed at a hostel (with out an elevator so i had to drag my suitcases up the stairs).
if all editions of the work in the usa and canada which have been published or licensed by the publisher are out of print and if within six () months after written demand by the author or the author's representative the publisher does not agree to provide within an additional six () months adequate stock to meet the normal demand for the work or to arrange for a reprint or bookclub edition...this agreement will forthwith terminate and all rights in the work will revert to the author...the work shall be considered in print if it is for sale by the publisher in any edition or if it is under option or license granted by the publisher. this used to be all that was needed. books were physical objects only; they took up room in warehouses and when they stopped selling in significant numbers it was in the publisher's interest to clear warehouse space by removing them from sale and pulping them or selling them to remainder dealers (especially after the supreme court's decision in the thor power tools case made warehousing more expensive).
